You know what I do is to write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the car for children -- more law in the U.S.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a science.
I can be able to look like a failure, or with a fish room, and never nobody has chosen a company.
I'm here to talk to you about creatures and electrons.
And you know that a characteristic is something that you get in some place.
You just have to go back to the way to see it as a choice.
That is the picture of a crime.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bionum.
It is the kind of complicated creature that I'm going to talk about.
My whole thing started in the early age of the middle school in the middle school in the middle school -- where I was the rest of the class.
And when they went up until they went down every week in the basis of the kids, until a teacher came out of life.
She came out my life to allow me to go back to the battery of the stress room.
I did it in secret it.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a public, and I ended up in San Francisco -- and I found a love -- and in the 1970s, I felt the need to begin to work in organizations that were fighting against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, to half the night I got a phone called that teacher -- the lady shows that he said, "I need to see it.
I am destroyed that we have never got to know.
You could come to Olympic, and please go to that man that I know you've already found up.
And I have to say that I have cancer, and I would like you to love with this for fact."
Well, the next day we were in California.
We were going to see it, we go up, and we realized that she needed to be honest.
We found a place -- we get it, and we get it up and take it out of their family, because it was necessary to us.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to me -- it became a box in terms and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had been carefully, he had become a crime -- and that choice that I talked to you about was made up in itself.
It is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my wall and I came out of it.
And you know that that part of life needs all the rest of life.
I need true and beauty -- and I'm very happy that I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- I need digital, love and plant.
Thank you.
As an artist -- the connection is very important for me.
On my work, I'm trying to explain that humans are not sitting out of nature and that everything is interested in it.
I went for the first time at the age almost 10 years ago, and there I saw my first teachers.
I was amazing.
My heart. My heart happiness, I was trying to understand what I was in front of me.
And I took them up to me all around the water about 60 feet -- and I couldn't even think that it was a little bit about a little bit of a sense of another year after year.
The teachers are born when you get away from the glass or you turn the ice down.
Every single person has its own individual perspective.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of you are starting to figure out how to get up and get up to the end, while others can't make it more and they get involved in a discussion of diagnostic passion attention.
It's easy to think, when you look at a task, that are surrounded and alone -- in large measure as we see us sometimes as humans as humans as well.
But the reality is the whole thing.
And as you get up with a table, I'm going to answer your animal atmosphere to you.
And as you get up with a little bit of a short water water that feed a lot of rate that feed many forms of life.
I was going to make it to make these trains as if you were going to try and get the restaurants of my antibodies, knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way and not go back from that way.
It's not the death when you get rid of it, it's not a end, but a sense of your way for your life.
It's part of the ice of the teachers that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100 years old.
The last pictures that I would like to show you is a training that photograph in Kanderians, Greenland.
It is a little bit to get to be actually going to be a kind of thing.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little ball.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the task and the flow line in the way.
You can see here, it starts to reduce, the boat has moved up to the other side and the man is there.
This is a track of Greenland, the average size of it.
I went out of the water in the water about 12 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the goal shows a different side of their perspective.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two parts in Florida.
So two parts every one with a baby.
I don't want you to get too much in the details of the concept, because if you stop thinking about the concept in yes, you're not going to pay attention.
We think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the career and the hope is going to the United States.
And in the other case, the X-ray of the hope is going to the X-ray of the village.
both of them think and it started life.
We're going to talk about them later.
And in my ability to be able to be able to get two roles.
In one of my robots, I work with the history of the anti-number.
I am a story for the way, and what I study in this case is the way people open up -- to say, from human bodies and animals -- how they have been considered the body food, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I designed in my work is the activity, as a department of patients or as I say sometimes I have an impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people who are the physical care of the social areas.
I've been working on for example, for example, two people inside the same body.
I've been working with people with animals, people much longer than the media.
And I've been working with many cases of people with an active sex sex sex -- which is that the physical surgeon is not going on in the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude and the consumer forests.
In general lines -- we can call it international lines.
The international interactions have a lot of ways.
I'm going to put you some examples of ways to have a sex that doesn't be involved in the common forms or family.
For example, it is the case of the individual based on the 19th century -- which is a generation of the career -- and he says to the properties, that we all have in the physical life, which are going to be terrible.
And then, in the physical life, the teams are going on.
But because this industry comes out of territory records, the body doesn't reaction to the same.
It is the subject of invisible to the animals.
So, there are a high level of territory, but without reaction to it.
And as a result, the body is developed to be a completely famous thing.
When it was, the baby has a little bit of children.
It's a kid -- it's created as a child.
And often it is not to the player, when it's growing up and develop the bears, but it doesn't have the mental period -- when someone is realize that something is going on.
And then you get them to realize that instead of having anti-saving and you can actually have terrorists and a career.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
The women, like men -- we have in the body something called surface galaxies.
They're in the top of the body.
The super-sensitive games are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to produce
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- it doesn't know their climate structure -- I think being a typical woman most of the women as I are sitting to the animals.
And we produce anti-number and respond to them.
As a result, someone like me has the most successful brain to the antibody that the woman who was born with teachers that were born in the self-assembly subject to them.
So the sex is something complicated -- it's not that individuals are in the middle of the species, in a way that you can be everywhere.
Another example, a few years ago, a few years ago I got a call from a 11 years old, born and created as you will see, I had no surgery, and sex with it, I had a life as a man and just found out that I had angels and I would just find out that I had angels.
He had an extraordinary way of a known disease as a conservative human hall.
And I had the United States -- and at the third of the surface games were so active that in essentially they created a magnificent human environment.
As a result, their genes were made men, their brain was except to the human hospital completely magnetic.
I was born with a child, no one sounds anything.
And it was at the age of 11 years when I started having medical problems.
Well, another example of an international case of a case of intelligence.
Some people with the United States will develop what you know as a missions, it is to say, they have an old engine in terms of the technical technology.
We don't know why it happens.
So there are a lot of sex.
The reason why kids with this kind of bodies -- being an anti-number, services -- self-scale -- the seats, the substances are being able to be able to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy people.
The reason why you get to a number of surgery is that they're a threat for our social cameras.
The system is based on the idea that a particular animal is going to be able to get a particular idea.
We have the idea that being a woman that is to have a federal identity -- especially to be black to say to have African animation in terms of history.
A very simple idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different -- we have problems with carbon.
So we have very rich ideas in our culture that we have in our culture.
Our nation is based on a concept of the very short individual industry.
Imagine the amazing thing that is to have children who are born as two people inside the same body.
The most dangerous case is last year in the last year, Canada September, it was put in the supercomputer of the secret in the international Internet in Berninger.
A lot of personalities call to say, "What are they going to do to be able to do to figure out if Chris September is a man or world?
And I had to tell you to explain the personalities that there is not such a expensive.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to figure out that nature is not going to be able to make the nature of men and women.
So what we have is a situation where the most advanced science, the more we have to figure out that these careers are that we thought that they were a lot of strangers that are supposed to be able to get directly into the secret content careers are much more distributed than we thought about.
And it's not just in terms of sex.
It's also in terms of reason, something that it turns out much more complicated than the team allows it.
As we see, we're going to get up in a stranger theory.
Let's look at -- for example, the fact that we share at least 15 percent of the DNA with children.
What are we going to do in the fact of the fact that we have just a few neurons?
And as we process in science we get more and more in an area that we have to have to recognize that the simple causes that we were probably too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the markets of human life.
One of them -- for example, in our current culture in the United States in the United States in the beginning of the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human.
There are a lot of articles today in the day -- maybe not in public -- but I know within the medicine.
Our ancestors had never got to look at them with this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of people put a little bit on the note and if you move it still they don't get it.
If you stop moving it out.
But now we can today, for example, will be able to get visual organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we need to be able to be able to figure out how to actually stop the death of somebody -- and this put us in a difficult situation that we don't have the simple careers of the past.
And maybe you think that this exploration rate could get to someone like me.
In politics I am a project, I decided to people with natural bodies -- but I have to figure out that I get nervous to me.
It will be able to think that these cars are much more excited than we thought about me.
It takes from the point of democracy.
And to tell you about this meeting first I've got to figure out that I'm a sense of the Paris Parkinson's parents.
I know that they were really, I know they were sex, but they were great.
I mean, they were so valuable and solar and so rich in what they did -- that I found me every so much by looking at that music called "The "The 1870s, and not for the music, which is completely straight.
It's what happened in 1875 with the Paris Parks.
The Foundation parents were -- for me, the first activists of the anti-love and I explain why.
What they did was that they were an alternative concept and they read it with another one that was real and beautiful and it was based for 200 years.
And as all of you remember -- what you get up with our Paris Paris was the idea of the motivation. The mountain was based on a very simple concept of the anti-love.
The mountains of the old world don't know the DNA -- but they had clear the idea of birth right to me.
They had the blue blood concept of it.
They were from the idea that it was able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the father of the father and then the son, and then he said, etc.
The Facebook parents brought up that idea and recorded it for a new alternative concept and that concept was that all men are created the same.
They went up with the game field and they decided that the atmosphere that it was in common and not the alternative differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And they were doing it because they were doing part of a system in which they were getting two things.
And it was making democracy and at the same time I was born the science.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the history of the Paris parents that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were distributed from the sustainable experts and where they were able to get the concept of human power to go out of an idea a number of nation.
They were moving into a natural concept of it.
And if you look at -- for example, the Institute of India, they talk about nature and from nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, they were bringing us the idea of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture consequence.
And when I do that, they were sitting out the basis of the future movement of City Commons.
They didn't think about that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later.
And the women.
And then I came the success of the movement of the Rights rights with people from the Color County with the South Tribe, which said, "I'm not a woman who is not a woman who was not a woman who said, "I am not a world?
And we found men in the films of the River Rivers saying, "I'm a man man."
Again, people of color that would be able to get to the African convention on the architectural difference and again, they were traveling.
We see the same with the Most Development.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions we have to start to ask us why we keep a certain difference.
But attention -- I want to keep a few of the things in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we had to be able to tell us that we had to be able to get up to the anti-love.
I don't want to say that at five years old, I had to allow you to have sexual relationships or catch.
There are a few animals that for me they have sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why do you keep them and if you have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings on the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them in the middle of 1970s, exactly the same day.
So let's imagine that one of them -- Mars, I was born three months before time, the one of 1980 percent of milk.
Hello, by the time, I was born in terms of the 19th percent of 1990.
And for the only fact that I was born three months before Mars would get up all the rights three months before he had been the right -- the right of the sexual sense, the right, the right to the room in the roof.
Hello has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because I was born later.
We found other robots in relationship to their right.
Hello, instead of being considered men -- well, I have not told you if it's 1960, instead of being able to be considered now about a man now is possible for the collective transportation that Mars doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, for his part -- it doesn't have the same rights in the market that Henry in all the states -- for example.
Hello can be killed in all of the states with a woman, but Mars can fall with a woman only in some state.
And so they still have an alternative career that in many ways, they are problems and consumers.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science is so much in the field of the atmosphere that we get to the point of having to figure out that a democracy.
I don't want to get to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is supporting us.
Where do we come from?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of a property activity, "Well, we have to bring the line in some part, so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people are going on in a typical position in a typical point.
For example, Texas in a certain time has decided that to get a man in a man you don't have to have critical -- and that to make a woman with a woman you have to have a character.
Now, in practice they do not make the creative explosions to people.
But this is also very strange for the story that I told you at the beginning of the self-assembly subject to the atmosphere.
If you look at one of the fundamental parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Mars Luck Kenya, in his decision "I got down to distance: I get a solution.
It says that we should be able to put people down in the color of their skin -- but in the content of their care, going beyond the anti-number that we can go out of the automobile.
And I want to say, "Yeah, the idea seems very good.
But in practice -- how do you do?
How do you play people in the center of your care?
I want to go out that I'm not sure that I'm not sure that I had to be able to go into this to make sure that we had to get right to people -- because I have to figure out that I know that I know about some of the things that they probably get more social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe a few workers that I know can take more distribution -- smart and motories about their sexual relationships that people from 40 to know.
So how do you put it in practice of the consequence of consciousness?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is question what happens if the concept of a person could be able to be in the future in the future, maybe with a magnitude responsibility.
Do we really want to really get to that point to come to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still looking at this course of thinking in relationship to democracy.
We have done a good job of democracy and I think we will make a good work in the future.
We didn't live -- for example, in a context as a man who is a man who feels like the other men is supposed to be advanced, unless it's willing to take a sex change, in which case it allows you to live.
We're not in that situation.
I was able to say that we don't have a context like the one that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done a couple of years ago that I had been done to light search for then to get them up and so on.
But when the phone asked him the movement of the choice -- it was a very rich choice -- I was told that in that other country these kids would be very crazy, and where I had to do it.
So what I said, "Well, has it considered the political area rather than the penguin selection?
In the United States, it takes huge possibility to people to be who they are without being able to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be the head.
Well, to end up I mean I have been talking a lot about the parents I've been talking about.
And I want to think about how the democracy would be, or as it might have been a lot of much more likely to Monkeys.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a factory, and it is that I think there may be different ideas from different animations of different antibiotics, in particular if there are people thinking about group.
Since years ago, since I've been interested in strange, I've also been interested in building the sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and open in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women -- in average -- in average -- but in average, they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to care about those who are flying inside the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the public, one of my colleagues that I knew I was interested in the factories -- I was considered by the factory -- and I was made by a strange planet.
"Do you know what it has about the factory?
And I thought, "It's the most amazing question I've heard of.
The phenomenon has to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do with the gender strategies, so there is nothing family in the forests?
But how much more I've thought about his question, more of it has been that there is a little bit in the factory.
I mean, there might be something -- in average, something different between the family brain and the magic that makes us more attention to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable people.
So if the parents were very willing to find the way to protect people per part of the state of the state -- it's possible that there will have been more Monterey to this concept -- maybe we would have shown the concept of production with the responsibility of responsibility.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take the democracy beyond the anti-number -- to think less in the individual body, in terms of the identity -- and think more in the relationships of it.
So as we try to create a more perfect environment, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In the year 2000, I decided we had to recognize how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family you think of where you want to live and work, you have the possibility to choose between at least a bunch of different cities that are eating to bring up new research.
Well, at this moment we're far away from that object.
There are thousands of people in developing countries that don't tell a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they go much more than their building cost of control.
So we can easily put it into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be able to be able to have been thinking about new cities.
But you just put them up by advanced building.
Imagine that half of those who would like to live in automobiles -- and that at the other half they would still get to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to make things in all of the existing building.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that are survived to make the mountains and the discoveries of the building.
So it would be very hard to do all of those arguments.
But you could go to a completely new place to build a completely new building building building again, always and when the rules of that place make the building rather than put it up.
So I put the governments to create new areas of resistance enough enough to get cities and gave them a name -- cities under state.
later I found out that more or less at the same time, Japan and Columbia were thinking about the challenge of researching Honest.
They knew that every year about 75 hours came out of his country to go from the United States to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Hong.
In the summer in the summer of the 19th century.
And in the next few records, I got the Los London electrons with a platform in which you have represents and at the same time.
He asked Carl to be his head of galaxy.
And as I said, I was ready to give a talk to give a talk at TED.
On a process of perfection, he was studying and extra and a great amount of test test with uses -- trying to reduce this complex concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the important thing that we have to do is that those numbers that say that you can't go and put all the current access of advertising.
We put a lot of attention to new technologies -- but you need so much of technologies as you have to protect -- and you are usually the rules that are going to be able to get up.
In the end of 2009, a friend of Galaxy sent him to Carl a list with the TED.
I showed it to Japan.
They call me.
They said, "We think about this to the leaders of our country.
And so in decided we get back in Microsoft, in a room of a home.
I tried to explain this point about what the cities are the cities -- much more valuable than their modern cost is the whole thing.
And I use this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City -- the terrorists that in some cases, it will be thousands of dollars for a course of dollar.
But it was a pretty nice distribution and at some point, when there was a park, Christmas said, "Peter, maybe we could see the video of the TED TED."
And the talk I described in very simple terms that a city under a place is a place where you start with a place where you start with the recent terrorists, a structure that represents the rules that will be able to be there and an opportunity for people to choose if you want to go or not live under those normal things.
So the president of Hong called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way to be the way that our own country.
I asked me to go back to Teleconsensities and talk about the four and five of it.
And so I put another talk full of data, which is an image like this, which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denisha and the white line is the new approach that was built in Denmark.
It's just a couple of one more than 100 miles a day.
So I was trying to convince the tools that to build a new city -- you have to start with a site that is going to start by at least 1,000 miles ago.
That's more than 100 holes.
All over the whole world.
The audience of public were very serious and alternatives.
The leader of the computer was going to the plant and said, "The Robert Rock, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
I have this in my computer here.
So I sat up and showed the TED.
And this explain to the essential -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a city of a city that you could go in Hollywood, rather than hundreds of thousands of miles to the North one.
And it also include new choices for leaders for leaders to do.
Because the leader leaders need to have heart countries -- they could benefit out of the countries that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
We went and we saw a situation.
This picture is there.
It could be easily about a thousand miles old.
And a little bit after that, the 11 of energy, came back in the conversation to get his Congress and add a conventional device that allowed us to create these special regions of development of development that would be able to create these special reasons.
In a country that I had just gone through this public crisis -- the violence in the Congress of this constructive entrepreneur was 145 to one.
All of the particles, all the factors in society.
To go in the Congo, you have to pay two times in Congress.
The 16 percent of it would take over again at another way, from 180 to one.
And I immediately after the virus, about 21 to 24 percent of a 300 Americans was to the two places in the world that are more interested in being involved in the city of cities.
One of them is Colorado from the South South.
So this is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in South South, it's bigger than the center of Boston.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years to get the people.
The other country in the city of cities is Silicon.
In fact, you've already built two cities in China and you're ready for a third one.
And if you think about this, you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a site -- and they're thinking about a site for the second city.
They're paying a legal system that would allow them to come out, and at the time they would allow them to operate under a strange right system.
A country has been made up to allow them to allow her to be the last forest of the last institution for this new global system.
There are universities and conditions of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get a little bit of financial.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of states.
There are a lot of companies that would want to be inspired in the America, especially in a place with a blood area -- and there are a lot of people who would like to go there.
In the world there are 600 billion people who say that they would like to change another place.
There's a million a year that comes from North America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents that have to leave their family to go to a work, sometimes they are used to do a work, sometimes they have to spend the money for so much to eat or buy root.
Now, sometimes there are kids who are trying to get out of their parents who have not seen their parents who have not seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about a new city in Hollywood?
Or build a doctor of these or a sense of these all over the world?
What does it seem to think about trying to figure out how families can choose between several cities that are eating to bring new researchers?
So this is an idea that is going to be delight.
And my American friends asked me to say, thank you TED TED."
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I'm going to show you what there is inside -- I'm going to make a public consequence, and it is that, I live with the trains.
I love to find it, selling, and more recently, to be able to put up and put in my book and controlled and different for each other.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All of my roof is in a second hand of public markets and sense of second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second sense of second hand allows me to reduce the impact of me in the environment and in my biology.
I was going to know interesting people, because of the money my money is going to be a good cause -- and it is only one, and buy it becomes my personal search of them.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It will be my state?
Would I like the color?
It will cost less than 20 dollars.
If all of the answers are positive -- then I feel like I have come up.
I went back to the subject of my face, I want to tell you what I was going to do for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you have to do with somebody who has all that room?
So I'm going to show you exactly what it was.
I have taken seven feet in the inside and nothing else.
It turns up for exactly a week is all I put in my face.
I would imagine that it would be able to find all the other thing that I wanted to use after I got here to Paul Spain.
And because they don't know me as the woman who was walking for TED at the bottom --  -- that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the ones for this week.
It doesn't sound interesting.
And as I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lives of life that will take it or not, I have learned in this author of not to use again.
Let's start with the doctor.
And this is what I call it based down.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
It will almost always see you a lot for less than 50 dollars.
All the course, including the shoe, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Looks, the color is energy.
It is almost impossible to be bad business, when you're looking at a red red path.
If you're happy, you're going to go to other happy people.
Mars, international is supposed.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself.
Just itself.
If you go out of the right people, you will not just understand you, you will also get you.
Mountains: Martin of the child that you get inside in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to be able to get the definitions, or I remember her little seven years.
I like to tell you and say, thank you.
John, consumer is the key thing.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something -- probably it's true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that really understood their meaning of it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inside and outside -- you don't look at it that you can't go up.
So there's no power for no one of this audience.
We need to be able to get everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Video: A real universe six words for you -- the department standards go with everything.
And finally, I will have been able to develop a personal person and one is a great way of saying to the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've done it over and over again when people came up with this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversation.
And obviously this is not going to go in my little value.
So before I go home at home, I'm going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave up certain things.
I don't need to be able to bring them up to these things, because it will always be the open train, and there will always be another crazy language -- collaborative and brilliant -- if there is a little bit of love in my heart.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a responsibility of your brain that we can do in two parts.
The left side, which is the local part and the right side and the right side.
So if we use a scale to measure the application of each hello, we could design a plan of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely local.
This would be somebody who is totally interesting.
So where do you put your brain in this scale in this scale.
Some of them would get out for one of these extremes, but I think that for most of the interviews of this audience -- their brain is something like -- with a great audience in both hell at the same time.
It is not that they are really excited.
You can be light and interactive.
I think of one of those people, that as most of the other experiences of the other experience, we need a lot of light to connect these complex ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of interest to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intervention? Well, we like to play with things.
We are going to play with them and then we see as a relationship, and then we developed our increase from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain interest that can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says one thing can be just in a place at the time.
I mean, it can be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't born with this notion -- the development of it.
I remember going to look at a child playing in a piece of presentation.
It was a little child and I didn't do it very well, it always was already.
But I hope that the play with that piece of strength I teach you a value -- and it is that the big things don't allow them to take them up, and they think of a place.
This is a great concept that you can have in the world, except you will be a physics of particles that you can have in the world.
It would be a terrible model for a physics of particles -- because they don't play with the strategic balls, they play with these little particles with these little particles with them.
And when they play with their particles -- they found that they do all kinds of things that are really bad -- as they can be able to get walls -- or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these objects, and they call it the theory of the quantum mechanical metal.
At that point you found the physics a few years ago, you needed the climate mechanical to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe these little particles to describe those little particles to describe these little particles to describe these little particles to describe these little particles to describe these little particles to describe these little particles to describe those little
But they didn't need to describe the big objects that are around every day.
That doesn't get very well to my interest -- and maybe it's because it doesn't play very often with particles with particles to me.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particular.
But it didn't get a good thing to my local part of it.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles are still the beginning of the quantum mechanics -- then should all of us follow the beginning of the medical mechanical medical memory.
It doesn't find the reason why I shouldn't find it.
And so I would feel much better if you could be able to show that a common object is also the beginning of the quantum mechanical mechanism.
That's why a few years ago, I was able to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that it has been in a quantum mechanical survival.
What we see here is a little computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle of the media.
That is the metaphor of metaphor that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to give you a little bit of a little bit in the center of the center here.
And then here we do a good good thing at the very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very big way.
So what we see is a little amount of metaphor, with a way that it would be able to support in a plant.
And then I did this almost in the same way that you would do a computer.
I went to a clean room.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to make this form with a kind of particular partner that is found under the device of the device.
So this device has the ability to be in a quantum surface, but for it for it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make a anticipation.
You know what it is to be in a steady full of people.
I mean, when I am in a superconductor just -- I do all kinds of things, but then when other people come away from doing those things, because I don't want to put them up, or actually, you can get up.
The quantum mechanical says that the inspired objects are sharing in the same way.
The journey of the journey of institutional objects are not just people -- it's also the light that I put it up and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
And so we knew that if we wanted this piece of metaphor to get up to the quantum mechanics -- we would have to spread up all the other parts.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights -- then we put a surgery and we put up all the air -- and then we focus on a temperature of less than a degree on the top of it.
Now, by being just in the spinal, the little piece of metaphor is free to act as I want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it's moving in very strange ways.
In place to get a perfect thing, I was video -- and the way I was looking at it was like a responsibility of this way -- like a shark that is exploring and it goes on.
And when you give it a supercomputer show, we could make it come back and it doesn't come back to the same time -- something that only happens with the quantum mechanical market.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing came and didn't come back to the same time.
So let's think about them.
In a case, all of the trains that they make that piece of metal -- and at the same time those same tests are moving up and down to work.
It is just in destruction when those people get up.
In the rest of the time are despited.
It means that every touch is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metaphor is in two different places.
I think this is great.
All right.
And I was going to be able to get it into a clean room to do this for all of those years, because you look at this, the difference in scale between a single talk and that oil oil is more or less the same thing that the difference between that oil rate and you.
And so if one has only been in two different places at the same time, and that oil piece can be in two different places -- why don't you also do it?
I mean, it's my local part I talked about.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, how would you be that?
How do you deal with your knowledge if your body was depending on space in space.
There's another part of history.
And it is when we get it, and we put the lights and look inside the box -- we saw that the metaphor kept there in one piece of percent.
And I could get to this new environment, especially all of the objects in the room actually are only quantum objects that are just doing in a little space.
And you hear a lot about the quantum quantum mechanical that everything is interested in.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound.
It is that those connections -- your connection to all of the things that get you, literally define who you are, and that is the heart price of the quantum mechanical market.
Thank you.
My name is Arab.
And 18 months ago, I had another work at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to a museum and art to my daughter that is here, and I would allow me to take it back to me.
It took me 18 months and I took me.
A lot of neurons and stories -- you get it up with 14 very interesting men in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the detail.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just just in this slide and this is the action.
I grew up in India.
Good from a great education -- I didn't get a lot of access to a lot of these mothers and the art.
So when I began to go back and go to men, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, I try to make the desire of doing it more access to technology.
So we made a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better to show the challenge for then to explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken out of their land.
So we just go to Google here.
Look around all of the men that there are.
It's the Golden galaxy, the Mount, the Mountain, the Rosetta, the Google Google.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorite favorite -- to Mexico, the art of New York.
There are two ways to do -- very simple.
We do it and, "Mayor, we're already inside the museum of it.
It doesn't matter where they are, Born or Microsoft, that doesn't really matter.
You move out there, and you get away.
Do you want to get out of the museum?
We open up the top of the bottom -- and, with one case, we go inside in it.
They're inside that they want to go at the end of the part.
They are going to go down to the step.
Explorer.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm on one of my favorite parts -- "The "Second Parkinson's County, in the Menison.
I see the surgeon story.
If the museum shows us the image -- we do it there.
look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the medical information.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can do it out there, but I'm going to make a key right now.
And this is one of the images that we've changed in what we call the gentleman technology.
So this picture, for example, I think, I think, about 10,000 million dollars.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million paintings?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million dollars.
It can do it a very simple way.
You see different things that are happening.
I love this girl -- his experience has no price for me.
But if you really want to try to work.
So I started playing -- and I found it with something that happens there.
And I said, "You know, this looks interesting.
I found out that kids were actually playing something.
I invented a little bit, I talked to some people from the Men, and I actually discovered that this is a name called a name of a name -- which is going to be able to get a child with a paint with the Mars markets.
And it was a very popular thing.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get them even more in deep and you'll see that you can actually get to the graphics.
Now only to give you a little bit of perspective -- I'm going to get the image, so you can actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come out, a second.
So now we're going to go back to the Monterey in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite numbers, "The night night?
The example I showed was to find decades.
But what if you want to see the pictures?
And if you want to see how Google Google actually created this word teacher?
And you get it up and you really do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this book, and I'm really going to get to the graphs.
This is the night night, I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite function.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part -- it's called "Color."
All of you, absolutely all of you, not matter if it's rich or poor or if you have a manifestation, that day.
You can actually create your own museum to create your own connection to all these images of all these images.
It's very simple -- we have created this function that I call "The "South "The "military, and we just do a guy around it.
This is about "The "down "Colors in the National Galaxy.
You can add things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel like you are going to be able to take these terrorists on it.
So in fact, I think that for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google around.
No, in my view, they even don't come from the mountains of the sea.
Maybe I should not say this.
In fact, they come from those art.
And that has been my human experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital half to make their art work and that it is responsible to it.
And the big question that you do today is you did this to reduce the experience of going to the experience of going to a mass?
And the answer is no.
It's to get the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good goods to all.
I have something to show you.
Think of it is a page, a flying page here.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am on this picture, all the children in Iraq growing up with this picture in the wall of his drug -- but the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the face of France one in the last two decades.
A few time ago, if you wanted to win a Facebook card, you took a present and you put it up to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the page were good enough -- you would put your career up.
This is what it is in engineering -- it would call control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sense and a school.
What is interesting today is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, they have been covered from networks and electricity and electronics.
They're coming back to the air air.
And as a man, they're starting to respond to a different way, and they can be designed and activity.
The cities is a big thing.
And as I was able to tell you that cities are just two percent of the edge of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
75 percent of the energy, and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
More of the cities, all of these devices and activity are going to get in our everyday objects in our everyday object.
This is from a Parkin Parkinson's experiment for the end of year in the Monterey, during the sea.
It's called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Middle Middle."
Well, our objects are going to start to talk about.
In a way, it is like almost all of all of us have been sense and activity.
And that is changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a certain sense, it's almost like in the old side of Michael Zibera.
You know, when I read the Monterey, he says that at the end I took the mountain and he took the Mording on the Mording and he brought it into the Monterey -- you can still see a little piece under it, and he said "show, "I would be able to be painted for me to say?
Well, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- inspired in the idea of capture the environment and to do something.
Let's start with defense.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago.
And it was a sea in the 2000.
It was the year in which Iraq won the World Color.
Maybe some of you remember it, they were playing Iraq and France, and at the end he gave the head.
And from all of all, at the end of the end of Iran.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You look at the Color in the middle and the River River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The line of time is in the top of it.
On the last time, there are people over here and there are going to be able to do called moving.
It starts the particular, silence.
Good Francisco of Iran.
And so, people make a quick call and go to the mouth.
Second time.
First of all, a second time, second.
Zealand, and at a moment, the head.
Gandhi Iraq, right?
That night everyone was going to change the center of it.
There you see the great floor.
On the next day they were all the center of the center of the friend and the first half of it.
And then the whole world.
You see the picture of the place called Common Mars, and from the time, people are going to celebrate -- it's a big fragment, you can see the page at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the role of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another example of destiny, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we control.
Today, we know all about the process of our objects today.
This is a map that shows all of the kids who make a Mars, how they get up.
But we know very little about where things go.
And so in this project we developed a little bit of small strangers to make the based on their statement for the system.
So we started with a few voices that helped us in Earth a little bit more than one year, to figure out what they were adding, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of us would get out.
And then we put a little chimpanzee, a standard, to the battery, and then we started to make it.
So these are the results of it.
From San Star.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are a lot of instruments in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they don't exist.
They are happening things that are complicated and there are a lot of intelligence transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if you look at all the days that the reason that we do is not depending, which is still somewhere in the planet.
So if the plastic of plastic that we're going to do is still still still there.
So if we show that to people, we can be able to put some change in the control.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleagues of MIT, I could tell you much more about defense, and a lot of other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is about the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago in Zaving ...
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and said to us and the South Europe and the South Europe have a beautiful transition of the use of water in public spaces in the architecture.
And the question was, how can technology technology, new technology, to get to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed in MIT, in a story, it was, imagine that they have a box and virus, virus video videos, lines that are open and they come up.
It was created as a water, with water.
If you look at the legs you can write in them, you will show patterns -- images, text.
And when you get up, the car will open up so that we can happen -- as you see in the picture.
We put this into the Bangladesh Bang.
I liked it a lot.
And I decided to be able to design the building in the extra experiment.
We call it Parkinson's Park.
All the building is made of water.
There are no dogs or search, but when you put it up for you to be able to happen.
It's also covered of water.
And if there is a little bit of wind -- if you want to communicate the satellites, it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture is that it's in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody in the instrument, when you look at the roof, somebody who was there, and he said, "Do you stop the building.
No, it is not that they have defined, but when you go down almost all the architecture comes up.
Here is in work.
You see the people involved by what happens inside it.
And here I am myself trying not to move on the sensors that they open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the feelings stopped to work.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the children in Laka came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me happen, but a building that I kept doing countries and holes of water and you had to go out to get it out to go out.
(Audience: And for us that was very interesting because as an architecture as an artists -- engineers, we always think about use that people will give our design.
But then the reality is always profound.
And this is the beauty of doing things to interact -- that people use it.
This is a picture of the building with physical pages -- the water.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those legs could start to fly up.
Imagine that they could have little heads in the air and each one had a little picture that changes color as if it was a place that is moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, which is moving with other sectors.
We could form this cloud.
And a kind of physical screen like this with a normal control in two dimensions.
Or normal -- but in three ways, what it changes is the light -- not the position of parallels.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen was going to look like in different scale and sizes, in different kinds of solutions.
And then all of that could be a set of paintings in 30 to the one that you can go up, and you can go up and see from very different nights.
So this is the true flow of control -- going down to form a TV -- like before.
When you look at the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them built by a person.
And we can have each line with a strategy that comes from people, the movement of people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Booth -- -- in the best Boll batteries in today, the state of the New York City and the South South South South Mandela to capture their movement in 3D and use them as an entropy for the Florida.
So here we can see Robert driven.
On the left you see the pages, the capture in different solutions.
It's so much 3D distribution in real time as a model of movement.
It can recognize the whole movement.
You can take the whole way.
And once we have the legs we can play with them, with the color and the movement and the relationship and the resident.
We want to use this as a possible.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the Langley Languages of London London.
It's called the Nigeria.
And the idea is, you can imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as a little bit of clouds, like the grandmother -- but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make all of them get a little bit for a piece.
And I think the thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've done everything like knowledge -- and it's access to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- for the first time I showed you, we can go from the digital world, of the digital world of the networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a system.
That means something built in a city.
But morning can be to address the challenges today, think of climate change or the CO2 emissions -- how do we go from the digital world to the physical world to the physical world to the physical world to the physical world to the physical world to the physical world to the physical world to the physical world to the physical world to the physical world to the physical world
The idea is that we can make people get involved in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud -- again, made from the same way that the real line is a little bit.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud are particular.
This is a physical structure in London, but I was covered of pages.
You can move through it, having different experience.
You can see from the bottom -- will be to be able to share the main moments of the Google God of 2011, and even more, and it can use as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go out, like a new film of London London.
You can go there.
As if it was a new digital form in the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are.
You know that I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could improve the memory for a more likely and more quickly.
Or maybe they would like to be in better way, to be more strange, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more antibiotics and security of themselves.
What would it like to live more with good health.
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative people.
What do you like to do it?
What would you like to do if you could choose something.
(Music Australian Argentina: creativity.
How many people would choose the creativity of creativity creativity?
You get the hand. Let me look at it.
A few of you probably had to be the amount of creative people.
That's very good.
How many of them choose the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little bit less.
What about the language?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor to me.
If you could have something that the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible to be possible.
The evolution has been a perfect issue here in the TED conference but today I want to give you the look at a doctor on the theme of the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century -- GDP, King Allan, which was going on in the South Organization Congo was written by a state state in biology has sitting out to the light of Everything."
But if you don't get the biological evolution consider this, it's just about the past, or the future?
Do you mean the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this room, well in a strange -- is of course, the most interested in us.
We go out of a common environment with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years.
In the bottom there have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hospitals.
Some of you have gone back and back.
We've been here about 150 years old.
It could seem that we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in their most basic machine of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can take and control the machine of a common bacteria to produce the product of human institutions that are used to treat the distances?
This is not like human inspiration -- but it's the same protein, income in the partnership of the partners.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think -- when I think about the Darwin Darwin -- you think about the authority -- think about bacteria?
The interest is a wonderful hospital for those bacteria for those bacteria things.
It's clearly, dark -- it is very accelerated.
And we're going to test all the neurons that you can want with no effort of their part of it.
It really is like a quick way for the bacteria with the Western interview of some of the physical food to the room.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria so that they are essential for our life.
They tend to give up the essential news, and they protect us from certain disease.
But what do we stop the future for us.
Are we in a kind of evidence of evolution as species like this?
Or are you going to become a different thing to become a different thing.
And in this very early sense of the universe -- life in Earth is like a beautiful company -- the animals, as one and only companies and the human life, a little number of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the whole part of this talk so that I hope that they have defined.
When I read the university I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the choice and the beauty of biology.
I love the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental in most of the existence of life, in the environmental organisms -- every cell is simply distributed and all the genetic energy of that cell is transformed to the two child cells.
But when you look at the molecular organisms start to change.
It goes up with the sexual responsibility.
And something very important, with the support of sexual revolution that happens to the genome -- the rest of the body becomes present.
In fact, you could say that the innovation of the death of the body is in evolution in the same moment of sexual responsibility.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, sex, death, death, death for sex -- it seemed pretty reason at that time, but with every year that happened -- every time I had more supply.
I was going to understand the sense of George Bang, which is still still in the United Nations in their 90 years old.
And one night someone would get up to his home.
He opened the door up.
And you find it in front of it, you find a battery balloon library.
I looked at it and he says, "Do you look for a sex supercony?
Is it good." He says George, "I saved the superconductor."
I realized as a doctor -- which was working by a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to protect the body.
I wanted us to get care of.
I wanted to reduce health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and more health.
The evolution is going to go to the genome to the next generation to the next generation and presenting the generation after generation after people.
From a point of evolution -- and I are like records of resources that are designed to send the genetic focus on the next level of the original level and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the sense that we have Wilson William when he said, "I don't want to get the impact through my work.
I want to do it not doing it.
The evolution is not necessarily failing to the local.
It doesn't necessarily make the bigger or the most strong or the faster and the most interesting and even the most smart one.
The fossil evolution to the better attention to their environment.
That is the only test and success.
In the bottom of the ocean that you can survive the heat of the flash that you can get up in the face of the food that will produce -- if you were fish there, you have fish in the voice, but you've got to do that a controlled environment.
So what does this, when we look at what this is happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and in particular if we look at the forest -- the next forest? I would say there are many possibility for me.
The first is that we don't evolved it.
So we've got a kind of a choice.
And the reason it would be that through the medicine in the first place, we have been able to protect a lot of genes than another way that they would have been determined and electronics of the population.
And second of all, as a species -- we have put our environment up for us to get up to us as we get rid of it.
And by the way, we call it, and we get up so much that it's no longer possible to be able to have the subject need to happen.
A second possibility is that you have an evolution of the traditional type of the traditional type of the natural type of nature.
And the argument here would be -- that the entrepreneurs of evolution are going on, but they're amazing.
And in the time, when you as a species we put different planets are going to be the state and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution of natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- which is a positive possibility and attractive and attack.
The new evolution -- the new evolution -- which is not just natural -- it's not simply natural and changing for us as individuals in the decisions that we're going to do.
Now, how could this happen this?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that a lot of people today, in some culture, they are taking decisions about their destruction.
In some culture, they're choose to have more video than women.
It's not really good for society, but it is what you get to the individual and family level.
Think about it as if you can be possible to be able to choose not just the sex of your destruction, but in your own body to make the genetic artists to run or make disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes to deal with the distances or the Albert or reduce the risk of cancer or to get the corruption?
Do you want to do those changes in your genes?
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The human genome was started in 1998, and I took 12 years old.
It costs 2,000 million dollars.
At the next year, I could have ended up in 2009, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the 3,000 billion dollars from the human genome to a right cost to the 20th and a week of a week.
It's not going to make a lot to be able to make the human genome for 1,000 and to be more and more and more of all of us.
They come up with those change.
The same technology that has produced human institutions in bacteria can be able to make sure that we are not just going to protect them from them, but they are going to figure out how to make each other.
Class or there is not an experience of an experience in course with the vaccine against the control of a little bit of a pathogen planet.
Can you imagine something good for the task?
That's actually today and in the future is going to be more possible.
Imagine then only two little changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies but if you could change the cells of your destruction?
And if you could change the hope and the volunteers, or you can change the back and change your kids a better opportunity of a more healthy life -- you will get the distance, to get the headline, to reduce the risk of cancer cancer?
Who does not want to be more health?
And then, that same animal technology -- that same business of science that can produce changes to provide disease is going to allow us to be able to be able to be able to get subjects -- a better memory better.
Why don't you have the engineering of a Kenya Kenya about all if you could put it with the next generation of the Wall War?
Why don't you have a faster music music that allows us to run faster and more distributed?
Why would I not live more time.
This is going to be incredibly.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation and we can add the actions that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in the evolution.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100 years old, and we can put it to 1,000 years and maybe happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their novels, or the novels of their novels, they are going to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful society, more successful society."
Or are we going to pick up different activists that we want for some of us but not for each other.
Are we going to build a society that is more analyzing and more universal or more reductionise and more reductionise?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to be able to do.
And the most profound thing about all, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and help the wisdom need to take these distributions right?
For good or for bad -- and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explanation when you are about 300 feet in the high way.
Imagine a stranger full of human.
Imagine a piece of moral doing a class, you know.
You know, you know, you know, clear. It sounds up.
Well, I had a number that day. I was sitting in the 1980s.
It was the only one that I could talk to you with the back.
So I just looked at them, and they said, "You have no problem. We probably put some architects."
He had already looked at the archive, and we were not so far.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pill is going on the arm with the Harry River.
This is not the roof.
And I put the motors.
Imagine to be in a architecture and without fact.
And then he said three words ...
The three other words I've heard of.
He said, "Provide for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about the back of the back.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. life.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that it all changed in a instrument.
We have this list of things to do before I die. These things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I did not do it, all the ones I wanted to go out, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had and never have.
As I thought about that later -- I came up with a favorite, which is, "Color video virtually."
Because if the video is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to take anything in life.
And that surgeon, that's really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we took the George George War, which was not for a lot -- I thought about it, I really feel a great leader.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity I also gave me to my electric.
And then then the time that I did in things that they didn't matter with people who don't care about.
And I thought about my wife with my wife, with my friends, with the people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to get the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect -- but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife with my wife, I haven't had my wife with my wife, I haven't had my wife with my wife, I haven't had my wife with my wife, I haven't had my wife with my wife, I haven't had my wife with me.
It feels like more.
I don't try to have reason -- Eliminary will be happy.
The third thing that I learned -- and this is like your mental record is going to say, "1950, 15, 18.
You see the water.
I am saying, "Why do you go back.
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we go on, I had the feeling of it, I was going to die not fear yet.
It's almost like we've been paying for it all our life.
But it was very strange.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that training would come in a single thought, which is just one thing.
I could see my children growing up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first degrees -- not a lot of paper --   And I mean, climate, like a small one.
And for me, that was all the reason for being the world.
In that point, I was going to connect those two points -- that the only thing that important in my life is to be a great father.
Of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
And I became a microbes, to not die that day.
And I got a little bit, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
So you are flying today, the challenge that you can imagine that the same thing is going on in your architecture -- and please not like -- but you can imagine -- and how do you change it?
What are they going to do, they still hope to do because they think they are going to live all the way around.
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And the most important thing is being the best parents that you can.
Thank you.
I've certainly been based on life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important groups in the United States.
One day he came back to his house after he came up and said, "People, I feel an ant in the legs.
And that was the beginning of the ECL.
So today, TED has a total paradigm.
It can only use the eyes.
His job is in me.
I have a design of design and anti-number and so on.
So we decided that we were going to be able to be able to be able to put together, TED, and to his cause to his cause to it.
So I went up with his brother and his father and I said, "We will give them this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to Talk again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me.
And I said, "You know, the second is not that -- I saw Steve Harvard, is not that all the people with patients can communicate through those partners?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important and you have a very good sure you can't actually do it.
These devices are not advanced for people for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate that?
Does anybody see the movie and the market and the market?
They communicate in that way, they are going to do it with the side.
I said, "That's a carbon. How can it be?
So I was asked with the only desire to get a car and rather than that I had a video that I didn't have the best idea of how I was going to happen.
I was excited with his brother and his father there in that point, "Well, this is the train, Tomorrow is going to talk -- we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to do his art again.
Because it's ready that somebody who has so much in their interest can't communicate it.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GDP Galaxy Republicans, who have a technology that allows them to protect a light in any surface and then, with a black point -- they draw about that and reduce the negative space.
So they go out there by making art.
All of the things that they are, they say, are part of a circuit of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs -- then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Berkeley and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a picture of life in their presentations.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about one year later, after a lot of organization and so much of a lot of moving things from one side of one side we had made a couple of things.
One, we took the door companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate -- a machine like Steve Harles.
Which was great.
And again, it's the most fun thing -- I call it the story because I was talking to the guy you get a electricity of it, and you say, "I don't get it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing that we did was to bring seven programs around the world of all the rates of the planet, to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we move into the back of the back and these dances and the professors and the advertising and the advantages took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely study and that when we were able to have taken the cards of the walls and in their place there would be gravity.
But for two weeks we said, we went to the sea step of Venus, my son was part -- my dog as well, and we created this.
This is called Albert "Mark, and you can see the description.
They are a couple of batteries that we buy in the state of Venus Benefitist, some of the Colonge Colonge and things from Homo Delhi and Randon Stanford.
So we took a private camera -- we opened them up on a LED light and now there is a device that is free -- and now there is a distribution that is free -- we published the surrounding code -- the software goes down in a big way.
And we create a device that doesn't have limited at the time.
There is no sure that he says no.
There is no hospital I can say no.
Any person with patients today have access to draw and communicate using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you. That was impossible.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room.
And there was all this biology and alternative during the great instrument.
And after more than one year, two weeks of progress, two weeks from all night, Talk came back for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of their life, and it's looking through the support system of their life.
We brought it up for the way that I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital outside of the hospital.
And he came back for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the sense was in the station.
The great thing was that we had to go into the presentation so that we feel like we were reading the graph as well.
At the end of this he gave us an electric email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I did it in seven years.
I felt like if I had been under the water and someone finally came to me and I would get out of there so that I could replace?
It's not wonderful isn't it?
In a way, that is our war.
That's what it makes us in movement -- developing it.
And we have a long way to take with this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a Martin States.
Somebody with this artificial potential makes a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and red.
Since then we've had all kinds of recording.
We have won many properties.
remember, it's gravity, none of us is doing money with this.
Everything comes out of our own business.
The principles were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
And I love something about us and then, in fact, the Times Times took us as one of the top of the top of the 50 best institutions of 2009, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up to close the crime, is that at the open of this year in the Gulf of Mars in the Central center in the Net Country is going to be an extraordinary called "Arabia in the Canada."
And "The "Arabia in the Canada is going to have the best experiments of the urban art -- Bertual Facebook, Charles, all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the sandwich which is pretty important.
So, basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible -- you can do possible.
No one of what there was in this room was possible -- the computer -- the computer, the microscope, the Muslim, nothing was possible at a certain time.
They do it possible -- any thing in this room.
I'm not a program -- I never did anything with control technology. I just recognize something and I set up with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel that we have to do -- if it's not now, right? And if I'm not me, who am I not me, who am I not me, who is not me, who am I not me, who am I not me, who am I not me, who am I
Thank you.
I have spent the last few years by getting very difficult situations, and at the same time.
I went to college, hard to do.
I was working on a little bit of category, dangerous.
It was film in the war of war -- difficult and dangerous and dangerous people.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun to the beginning, something difficult in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in fact, in a lot of my career I've been surprised with the only amazing approach with the only goal of trying to explore social issues of ways that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take them into a way that you look up and access to the audience.
So when I knew that I was going to come up here to make a TED about the world in the markets and the pattern wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you may have heard -- or no, a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago in Turkey.
And I sent some message in Facebook -- some in Twitter -- some of them in Twitter -- the rights of my name of the name of my TED 2005.
What I had was the next thing that was the next one, my TED President, my TED that you have no idea what it is about and you could be able to get it into the face -- especially if I put it in front of you or your company to do it.
But he said this, it's a very good medicine opportunity.
You know how many people look at these TED?
A lot.
It's a teacher in the way, by the way.
So even with that room knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name of the name.
If you would have asked me a year ago, I would not have been able to get them up with correct.
But in the new film in which I'm working on, we took the world of the marketing -- the property.
And as I said before, I've been in an amazing situation in the last few years, but no one could ask me -- nothing could be able to get up, for something so hard or so dangerous as to go to the room with these types of people.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
March Sunday, I want to make a film that comes from the production of products -- marketing and policy, and that all the film is made with products of products and magnificent and property.
The film is going to call "The largest movie even seen.
What happens in "The largest movie ever seen is that all of them on the bottom of the beginning to the end of the beginning -- it has images of market, all the time, from the authority that comes before the trial, the X.
Now this market, Mars Street, the Second State.
These people are going to go back to the film to the performance, for forever.
And so the film explore all this idea.
I am a record person.
It was "people and the presentation.
But we're not only going to have the pattern of the United States in the top but we're going to make sure that we're going to make all the cars that we could in the film.
Maybe we set up a shoe and it becomes the most great way that you've used it.
The most cool car that you've been used in "The largest movie ever seen, the best treatment that you have been been been able to be been been short, the largest film of the largest first seeds."
David Kong, and the idea is then as part of the lives as part of life, you will make them end the film?
And the goal of the film is the transportation.
They are going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea -- all the film, in the end.
And I would love me to help me make it happen.
Robert France, you know, it's thank you because it's the first time I hear that -- is the next answer for the audience.
Grand, yet I don't know how far it is to be the people to that.
WK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if you go up with "non-statement," but you know how it's going to be responsible."
MR: A million and a half and a half ago, John Kanda, I think it's going to be hard to be difficult with them, but that no longer is going to go to a couple of big markets.
WK: What you know, maybe for the moment that the movie is going to look at us as a lot of self-scale interviews.
MR: What do you think is going to be the answer of it?
Shanghai Robert: Most of the answer will be not."
MR: But it will be hard to sell it, by the end or to be me?
JS: both things.
MR: It means that you're not very optimistic.
So I'm going to help me, you need help.
MR: I can help you.
MR: All right.
MR: We need to think about what markets.
MR: Yeah.
MR: We have some places to go back to where they go.
MR: I thought I was going to save the camera -- it means we have a conversation outside of me.
And I took the camera to say, "We don't want to know anything about your movie."
MR: And so it was, one by one -- all of these companies of suddenly disappeared.
None of you want to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very straight, I thought that the concept of property, it was to put the product to so many people as possible.
especially in the world today this information of new media and old media and the stage of the middle media is not the idea to tell that new version of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a galaxy and that mistakes was this.
It actually didn't have a stranger.
There was no engineer at all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this picture.
You see, when you look for images of transportation in Google --      -- this is one of the first images that they come in.
I like your way to go back -- Sergia Brazil. No.
This was the problem -- the transition, the transition, the subject or the self-consider, the foreign or the sea, the easily destructive or the view, which is carefully considered, which is carefully considered or information of information -- all in business, being the last line perhaps the largest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about the transition in these days.
Our politicians are the name of the name of the name -- even the name of the name -- even the name of it.
But suddenly when it's trying to do something changes something changed.
But why is that? Well, this is the transport day --  -- like that red hand that still goes up.
It's present.     --  -- like this real rich way.
And it is also very adverse.
What other thing is a restaurant?
And I would get a contact of Congo Congo in Coloma.
That is very adverse.
When I started talking to the companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story -- but you tell us our story.
You see, when I was a little kid and my father took me in some point -- and there he is looking as I used to do it, he said, "Hey, there are three side in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company -- I want to help him -- and that only because I met John Brooklyn, and that only because I met John Brazil -- I realized that I would have to go for my realize -- I would have to get to the intervention and go to the companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to get out of suddenly -- that I started to tell me -- is that when you start to connect with companies the idea of understanding your market is a universal problem.
MR: I have friends that make big movies -- huge genomes, and others who make small movies -- individuals like my me.
And my friends who are doing movies of Hollywood Germans, genes, say that the reason why their movie has so much success to the markets that they have.
And then my friends who make individual movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to share with these big, giant movies of Home?
And the film is called "The largest movie eventually sells."
So how are we going to see particularly in Banglade in the movie in the film.
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the Bangladesh Bang.
In any moment for a train with someone I can say, "You're good enough for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous here.
I want to help you go to you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the entrepreneur."
And then I would give you one of these very family trials.
So much "Freedom "Freedom, like "Moman "Freedom are going to have his opportunity.
We are going to have so much for men as for a woman as a woman -- so it was going to be based, and it looks like this.
That's the general look at it.
Now I can tell you the questions and give them a profit look at it.
Kara France, we are a small way.
So similar to the kind of little movie movie than you were like, we are more well a really good market.
And so we don't have the audience that they have some of the others.
So do things like this, you know, remember Bangladesh to people is the reason that this is really interested in.
MR: What words would you use to describe Bangladesh?
Bang is in white ...
JH: That's a big question.
Woman: technology.
MR: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you get in the author.
Man: Let's talk about something absolutely, free.
I think "The factory is a great word that really put this car in positive post-controlled and "the surgeon and the surgery."
It makes you free.
How do we get a little bit more time? With better free, the more free, three times more free.
So things like those who are responsible.
MR: And that's a motivation company.
What about me, what about a common guy common?
I need to talk to you about the streets of the street, people like me -- to the communities like me.
They have to talk to me about my market.
MR: How do you define your market?
Man: My market?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Woman: It's going to go up with the 80 pounds at less than it is day than it is.
MR: It's well, what is the Good George?
George, something unique -- Man: Man: Man: So I guess the type of gender -- which I have to be like a dark "market."
I like a lot of the dark colors -- many groups and things like this.
And so I usually take access to the sun of the sun -- or I like the creatures and the simulations.
Woman: If David was a market could be a climate control -- Men Benes.
Man: The reason I am -- I call it "as "a career "car?
Woman: In a home, in part of it, in part of it, in part of Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man: I'm the kind of the markets.
And I will look at them in the country and in the world.
So I guess that is my market.
In my little sense, that's my market.
Man: My goal is Fincer because I got the market.
Man: Man: March collective college.
Is that that?
And I'm going to be a compared market.
Take, I'm Take.
MR: Well, we can not all be able to be able to go up, but often I often get up in the international "company and "car career."
I realized I needed an experiment.
I needed somebody who could go in my head, somebody who could help us understand what they call the "mission personality."
And I found a company called South Zon in Paulo.
They were helped to companies like New Film, For me to discover that kind of market.
If you could do it for them, you could still do it for me.
And "All of them transformed, right?
MR: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: I heard a little bit how you relationship with your thinking and feel your way to be.
MR: These people move my way to see the world.
A: How much of that world.
MR: I think your world is the world in which you live -- as the people who get you, your friends, your friends, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family in the West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about.
MR: The next is this was the best day of my life.
A: How do you relationship this with your thinking, feel and your way of being being able to be?
MR: It's like who I'd like to be me.
I like different things.
I like the right things. I like the right things.
A: How much of "Why do we be that?
What is the mass?
Why is it important to recognize? What is the red research?
I heard a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
So what other mechanisms have you been having?
Do you have to have done.
MIT, Alish." No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient -- oh, thank you very much --  -- yeah, Google, thank you very well.
MR: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy on all this.
Life Zambia, the first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different side, but completely in your market personality, the Martin Martin is a collective market.
They get very well together.
And I think there is almost a place in them.
And I think some companies are only going to focus on one of their strong dots or the other instead of focus on both of them.
A lot of companies tend -- and it is human nature.
What else are it like this?
The first here is the climate -- Apple.
And you can see here as well as Titan, Christian, Minister from Michael Congo and Jennifer.
Now there are a little bit of light and mathematical markets, those things that have gone and come out, but a lighting market is something quite possible.
MR: A light market. What's your market?
If somebody tells you that you would describe your impact in the market, your personal personality, what would it be?
Are you a stranger anti-landing? Are you somebody who makes the flow flow?
Or are you more well a determined anti-landing?
A little bit more care, resistant, controlled."
And the adverse actions are like being limited as the Prince will be free like the Princeton, controlled, authority, and all the way to America, fast or grandmother, professor, magician or music like Gandhi.
Or are you more well from advanced attention?
Are you aware like Johnson?
Are you strategies, transformation, protection, protecting you with Opera?
Are you considering, family, family, self-consider, self-consider, surgery, or knowledge, like the Dan Laden or OK?
In the course of this film we had over 500 companies and steams and detectors, which they said, "No, they didn't want to make part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mostly because they wouldn't have control -- they would not have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we come to tell the story in this film of how they use the magnetic responsibility to identify the center of the desire in the brain so much for the computer metal as for food.
So we went to San Patrick where they have put the property on the air.
In all the city over the last five years there are no values, there are no cars, there are no ones -- nothing.
And we went to the scale in which companies are being done in the schools in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones that I've had more successful are those in the ones I've been interested in with things.
And that's what they did these markets.
They came to the interventions, they took their artists, and they said maybe these architects don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try and try to try to go directly with the art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to think about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you get it? They had successful?
Well, since the film are in the French French French -- let's take a look at it.
As well as Boston Brazil are in energy, and this is not all -- we have had 300 million dollars in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two and a half weeks old.
That's just in line -- I don't think -- I don't think -- I don't think, or TV.
The film is still distributed.
It's still not at the line. It's not at all.
It's not even been present in other countries yet.
In the last instrument -- this film has already started to go up.
And it's not bad because it's almost all the arguments that we talked to him to do was they would not be part of it.
I have always believed that if you go up, if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think that when you go to the people of that you're going to go into the family.
I think that when you go into your employees in the risk of the risk is going to take all your company to run out of records.
I feel that what it has to happen is that we have to go to the people to go into it.
We have to add the people who don't have afraid of the opportunities that can be able to.
In the last individuals, I think, I think we have to give them the fear.
We have to put that hand on a cat.
We open up fear -- we open the risk up.
In a court at the time, we have to open the risk up.
And in fact, we have to go back to transparency.
Now more than a little bit of honor is going to take a long way.
And he said this, with honor and transformation, all of my talk to the Transport, has been present by my good friends of Communication who for 77 who would buy the rules of the name in Terra.
RG: It will become great data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
More Parkinson's presented the Transportation."
Thank you very much.
John Colonger: So, Martin, in the name of the transformation, which happened exactly with those 1770s."
MR: It's a remarkable question.
In my mouth I have a name of the name of the TED organization of TED, the Samari Samerastic, a care for 187 to be applied to my attention for TED last year.
The idea behind the search of the Steven infection is really simple.
We don't want to get the nuclear book.
His biggest activity to develop nuclear weapons is the plant of American in National.
The groups that you see are the control systems in real time.
If we were able to build these systems that they control speed and virus, we can cause a lot of problems with the culture.
The groups are not used by Wikipedia, they are a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Wikipedia in a platform of place used by an engineering for an engineering to make this green box -- then we're ready to be ready with it.
This is the plan behind State.
So we started with a West instrument.
The old increase to the grandmother box -- give the center -- and the nuclear program would go up with the factory -- mission is supposed.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to invest about Steve six months ago, the purpose was completely considered.
The only thing that we knew is that it's very, very complex at the part of Wikipedia, the instrument was using a lot of diving villages.
It seemed like to do something with these grandparents -- these control systems.
That called us the attention -- and we started an experiment where we interact our environment with Stanford and we saw what happened with this.
So they had very strange things.
Stigning was shared as a lab of lab that I didn't like to do it, and I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And after I experience with different seats of it, I realized -- and I thought, and I thought, this is a distinct architect.
It's completely distributed."
The instrument is looking at the bright box if you find a specific control, and even if the program that's trying to figure out is exactly working on that place.
If you don't say anything.
So that called my attention and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be -- let's say for example, a planet of the United States -- or a chemical plan in Christmas.
better than we would discover the goal of the professor.
And so we went up and we looked at the heart code -- and we found that I was interested in two digital experiments. A little and a big one.
We also saw that they were very excited by people who obviously had all the international information.
You know all the points that I will do.
You probably know how much it comes to the operation.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the University of Second is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the face is very complex to me.
It's very close to everything we have seen before.
So here you see a show of this architecture of attack.
We're talking about about 15 thousand lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old legal language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code to this code to this.
What we looked at in the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we would look at terrorists and structures of data and we try to connect them with the real world, with the real world of the real world.
We need theories about devices that we could be able to be able to do or describe.
In order to get to theories about objects -- we remember that it's definitely a visual sector -- it must be a value white -- and it is really considered in Iraq because it's where most of the infrastructure has been replaced.
They don't find several million objects in that area.
It basically goes back to the nuclear power power of the nuclear power of Bertie and to the planet of National English.
And so I said to my sale, "The list of all of all of the experts in content and energy plants between our careers."
I call them and I put them into a effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we were able to take the little digital animal with the control of the face.
The face is that part in the center of the center -- that black object you see.
If you look at the speed of this river -- you can certainly take it and even make the exploration explain it.
And what we also saw is that the goal of the air was to do it slow and fight in an obvious object to go back to the moral engineers in order to be able to solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital distribution looking very close to the data and their structure.
So for example, the number 185 surveys in that code -- you can't offer it.
I started to invent scientific freedom about how these colleagues are built in National and I found that they are wrong in what it is called a card, and every student has 17 cents.
And that had sense, there was a consequence.
And it became better yet.
These focus in Iraq are distributed in 15 parts called stars.
And guess what we found in the corruption of attack?
A strange structure was almost interested.
So again, that was a good consequence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
And so it's not successfully, it wasn't like this.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We just ended up in streets and we had to go back to it.
And yet, we found that both of the digital other digital animals were going to be just one and same goal, but from different nights.
And the small old thing is taking a card, and making the roots and the grandmother and the big grandmother is communicate with six cards and magnificent virus.
We are very connected in which we have found out what the device is.
It's National, and it's just Nation.
We should not worry about that other objects are accepted by Stanford.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- I really got me.
There is the grandmother box -- and it turns out you look at the cultures.
What this thing does is to interact the values of the sensors for example for example, from the private sitting and the virus of the virus and the legal code -- which is still excited during the architect, with bad data data.
And I think or not, these favorite data data are produced by Stanford.
It's like in the movies of Hollywood where in the robot, during the robot, the security camera is found from video video.
Is it great.
The idea here is obviously not just going to put them into the opposite of control.
It's really much more dangerous and advertising.
The idea is to put a digital security system.
We need digital security systems.
For example, in an energy planet, when the great amount of value is coming out of speed -- you have to open out of scale in a million.
obviously, this can't do it a human opportunity.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are, they can spend bad things.
The plan can be able to explore it.
And you don't care about the security system.
That allows.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This architecture is great.
It doesn't have anything to see, especially with contractors, with control engine.
It could work also for example, for example, in a energy, or in a present force.
It's great.
And you don't have an automobile, which is going to design this face with a USA cartoon, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You could also use the conventional technology of windows to do it.
You can give it the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up is with a mass of a massive disease.
That's the concept that we have to face it.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of objects for the artists is not in the Middle East of it.
It's in the United States.
All of the green areas are space with a great number of objects with a huge number.
We have to face the consequences and better than we start to pay now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ray, it has been public in a lot of places that people are going to figure out that March is the main increase behind this.
What's your presentation?
Ray Lago, Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My position is that Movember is investing, but the engine is not Iraq.
The death behind this is the collective surprise of this.
There is a sun -- and it's the United States -- fairly fast.
Because in another way, our problems would be even better.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Rose.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to get and give us human skills -- or another one that makes us use signals of networks and they go back and go back and go back.
In Berningha Bangladesh, we call these robots -- explosions.
They're not different than something that is put in the morning, gives you a big force that you can actually get up with your speed -- and you help him, for example, for example, to make the boat.
It is actually the true infrastructure of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can be able to get it up and connect it with the universe and with other outside of them.
This is not a real idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on now we started to talk about the American soldiers that in average, it has to take it on the spirit of a 45 pounds -- and it's going to be surprised to get even more wrong.
And obviously this leads to some important complexity -- receivers in the space, in the 30 percent of the soldiers -- with the supercomputers of supply.
We decided to take this challenge and create a strange that could help to get the issue on the point.
So let me introduce you to the HIV -- or because of the University of American Humanity.
So South South, with the HIV explosion I can look at 90 pounds by a lot for many hours.
Their family design allows us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a lot of a lot of adventure.
I feel what I want to do, or where I want to go out, and then I put my force and my research.
Steve Benefities: We are ready with our industrial society, to produce this love, this new explosion, this year.
Or it's a reality.
So we go back to the look at the use of areas of networks, about what I feel particularly approached.
There are 14 million people right now, in signals in the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really connected thing.
We talk about something that happens with free, very young people -- very young people in the virus who are going to start their life -- at the age of 20 or 40 years or 40 years -- they get up against a wall and the car car turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that you can do is that you have a quick thing.
His only choice.
And this has been like that, over the last 500 years, from their approach -- as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new capture about movement.
So let me introduce you to the American that is using American Boll who was 11 years ago, and I had a read in the visual color and as a result couldn't go back for 11 years, until now.
Audience: Thank you.
E: All of us is using our Americans, that I mentioned it.
It has a few sense.
It's completely not involved in the molecules that send signals to the computer, here in the space.
There are also a number of bacteria that give them energy in the cats, and in the roles, and they do it with this and really natural and very natural thing.
RB: I was 24 years in the top of my life when a strange side in the air -- using it down in the air.
In a second, I lost all sense and all of them from the back on the bottom down.
A little bit of time later, a doctor went to my room in the hospital.
That happened 10 years ago.
So I used to go to the last piece of hope of my be.
And the technology technology has allowed me to learn how to learn it down to startling, and it will even go up and even move in the hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
E: As you can see, we have the technology -- we have the plants to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands -- and we have all the potential here to change the life to the future people -- not only about soldiers -- but to America, and to all of the users of cars -- to all.
E: Thank you.
I just will come back from a community that has the secret of human responsibility to it.
It's a place where women have the battery, they have sex to say, and the game is the order of the day, where the difference is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the prison of the American man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their beginning.
So this is the world of the search balls of Congo sea.
The books are -- along with the chimpanzees, their lives are more close to them.
That means that we all share a common anticipation, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, the kids are known by their audience.
But unfortunately, we have made too much.
But babies show us the other side of the world.
And as the kids are killed by big types -- and the bank society is going to come out of their power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very useful society where the moral violence has still never seen it.
But unfortunately, the benefits are the least understanding of the big simulations.
They live in the profit of the collection -- and it's been very hard to tell them.
The Congo is a paradox, a land of big biological and beauty -- but also the heart of the tradition itself.
It's not going to happen that this disease is also going to put on the surface of the bank.
The company of carbon and the definition they do that you can't find it or a study with the benefits that are in the world, and today, we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and cards you can hear the risk by making the trees.
Who are these principles?
We know them as the signals are "showing the love -- not the war, because they have a feedback sex.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the books is more than the San Salaran.
At the bathrooms, like humans, I love to play throughout their life.
Playing is not just a video game.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increase the creativity and the responsibility and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity diversity -- distribution of behavior.
And when you look at the blood game -- you see the events that you can see is the evolution of the extent of the risk, the day and the human risk.
The game is the picture that we get up.
I don't know how you play you but I want to show you a couple of the only one of the only ones that are taken from the size of the situation.
First of all, it is a little bit of blood ball -- and I don't talk about film.
Here we have a female and a young man in the middle of a personality.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evidence of the freedom, the extent of the films."
I just think I think in this case to him, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as well as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing the natural elements into the game -- and also how the game has to be able to trust and form the consumer, and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is politically, you can take a lot of ways -- some of which are more transition, imagination, care, perhaps the place where the argument is recognized.
And I want you to look at -- this is Fall, a young man, which is playing with alternative water.
I think, as she -- sometimes we play alone.
And this is the light collection that makes us explain to explore -- and then the interviewed conditions that we form are the real secret of creativity of creativity it.
These are just small shows of the understanding that babies give us our past and present it.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to add to a world more and more difficult with more creativity and more compassion.
The secret is that the game is the key of these ability to do.
In other words, the game is our automatic contract.
In order to give a world to a world that changes we have to play it.
But are we going to go back to the mass of the play?
The game is not free.
The game is essential is essential for it.
For bees and humans in the same time, life is not just creative and depressed.
When you look at the least playing people, you can be the moment that it is the most gravity.
And so, you know, you know, you know, you know, we get this gift of evolution and we put together as we reduce the creativity and the artist and the amazing.
Thank you.
In New York is responsible to the development of an organization of a waste called Robert Hollywood.
And when I'm not making the poverty, they have been able to get the poverty as a particular seat in a body.
And in our city, where the voices are going to be a very expensive personal person, you have to get to the site of the increase very soon to go into action.
I remember my first instrument.
I was the second fly in the site -- so I had a pretty high possibility of go.
But still there was a career for the other voices to get to the care of the career and figure out what our task was.
When I found to the capital, I was interested in a conversation with the audience that without a subject of the worst days of their life.
We were at night, she was standing out out on the stage, under a park, in paradox, as his house was in called called it.
The other fly that I had just got to get before I -- we can see Liberia Lucky,  I got first to the capital and this was asked to go and save the dog of the home.
The dog." I was so clear."
So there was a game or gentlemen of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in a building to save a living to be living only because I got for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
He made me a career.
He said, "You know, you need to get into the house.
I need it to go up, and I get it up with this woman a couple of shoes of shoes."
I got it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I went up with the scales, at the end of the passion, in the end of the passion, I went to the real boats that that high or less had ended up with the fire and I went into the top of the top of a couple of satellites.
I know what you're thinking about, but I'm not a hospital.
I took my car back on the scale where I met my numbers and the deep oil in the main door in the main door in the main door of the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door of the main door in the main door in the main door of the main door in the main door in the main door in
We went out of the house for the house for the house of home where it was to wait -- his fear had a lot more attention than me.
A few weeks later, the demonstration got a face of the house of the house in the way that we have been able to save their house.
The application that she looked at about the other thing was that someone had got a couple of satellites.
And so much in my vaccine in Robert Homo as in my vaccine as a victim as a video of generation -- I am a set of generation of generation and active in a massive scale -- but also as well as it comes to the individual level.
And you know what I've learn.
It all has its important.
So when I look at this room to people who have done, or they are going to do -- they are going to be able to do it, and they're going to be able to remember this, they don't wait for me.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody life.
If you have something to give it now.
They are the food in a company, you get a couple of the neighborhood.
They are mentally.
Not every day we are going to have the opportunity to save someone but every day we're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So you go into the game -- you go out the satellites.
Thank you.
Bruno Galaxy, Mars, Mars, Mars.
Michael Bernetro: Thank you.
This can seem strange -- but I'm a great advance of the control block.
And the first business blocks are failed in 1870 with a very simple idea, and it's a very simple period of a fish that they get into each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building in the world.
They have allowed us to build things larger than us, as buildings or puts, a head at the time.
Of course, these blocks have become the paintings of our time.
And almost a hundred years later, in Florida.
It was called a collective subject balloon.
And in a few years, the Liberia balls came to all the home.
And it turns out that they have moved over 400 billion or 75 billion dollars per person in the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful people, buildings or home.
lessons did it access.
legal simply added the college block -- the favorite in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our images.
And so as it is, exactly that same year, in the laboratory lab -- the next revolution was about to actually address the new flow of control.
The transition was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of special speed and a few to a world where it was all interesting.
So as the control block is that it allows us to create a lot more and more complex and more complex and more complex to the time.
But there is a main difference -- the transition was just for experts for experts to do.
And I really don't think about it -- that the building blocks of our time are replaced to experts -- so I decided to change.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle Lab, I started to explore the idea of taking the power of the engineers in the hands of the artists and the designers and the designers and the designers.
A few years ago, I started to develop Liberia.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Librarian are education each one with a specific function of it.
They are prepared to be light, sound and sensors and sensors.
And the best thing about all of them is that they are going to be used by images.
So you can't put it wrong.
The gentlemen, they have a code of colors in it.
The green is the career, the blue is the heart -- the root is the bottom and the colleague of color is the fight.
So you just have to put a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make a lot of them.
A blue with a green will produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so on.
If we change the boat for a piece of paper.
We took this message to create more importantly, and we have a rational machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game -- Liberia are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be used by using very simple.
In order to make a faster or later, it's just going to go up with this boat that makes the public is faster or later.
The idea behind Liberia is that it is a growth company.
We want all of the interaction in the world to get into the world to use.
You know, you know, you know, you know, sounds solar police, motors, everything must be action.
We've given the kids to see them to play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electricity of every day that doesn't learn in school.
For example, how it works a light of night, or why the door of a scale gets open up, or how a picture respond to the end.
We've also been taken into the design school.
So for example, the designers without experience some in electricity they start playing with Liberia as a materials.
Here you can see, with patterns of paper and flowing, we have George to create it.
 -- a few weeks ago, we took Liberia to the design of the design of Richard Institute, who don't have any of them in engineering -- just in the face of it, and it would just be able to say, and we said, do something.
So here's an example of a project that have done, a kind of consumer conservation for movement.
But you know, here's my favorite project.
This is a fact that it has been afraid of the darkness.
And for these days, Liberia became another material -- the electricity became another materials.
And we want this material to be the subject of all.
And so, Liberia has open code.
You can look at the website.
We want to get a world of creating a world of creatures and colleagues because this world in which we live -- this international world, is our us.
So I'm going to go into it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the interviewed discovery today.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up with the focus on the environment.
It was the distributed culture.
This is a little video of what we do.
Martin. wait a moment.
You can get a little bit in carbon.
We can continue to get better we left the video to one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, you know, this is the time to take the time at the time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, a couple of years ago to collect the best designers and techniques so that they take a year and work in a environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to stop them, we asked them to work in the government.
The invention is called "The American for American and they would be like a few of them for technology for technologies.
We have a few members every year and we put them to work with the world.
Instead of taking them into the third world we put them into the global world.
They made great applications, they worked with the world employees.
His task is going to show the possibility of the current technology.
You know Albert.
In the age of the city of Boston.
So here it looks like if you look for a quote -- but what you really look for is that someone else is going to get up in the notice because it knows that it's not very good to add instruments when it is covered by a feet for a neighborhood.
How do you get to ask you about this way so small?
Last year, we had a team of methods for "American for American.
They were there, and at that time I had a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never came up with these stories.
But one of the members called European Michael note something else -- that the citizens came up with the steps in front of them.
So he did like any good program.
It is a limited line that you can take a history.
You can get it up when you go back.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can do it.
Or it is, it has a light.
This is a model of modern.
Maybe it is the smallest of the two and a half percent of the last year.
But something that any other technology of the government will do.
And it goes up in a visual way.
A responsible from the city of the city of Hong to see this apply was realized that I could use it, not for the name, but so that the citizens are going to be survived searches.
It is very important that they work these sounds of training, but the people are used by the batteries.
So I asked the citizens to control them.
And then Steve decided to use it to make the citizens go up with the care of.
And China just saved it to get people to go up to clean together when it comes back.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without African and natural and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology will know that this doesn't happen.
The software of software takes a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working on a project that I took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for the parents to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us to have done for the normal cars would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the power power of California.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that was program in a couple of days and it becomes a virtual way of survival to the government of the government.
It goes into the government better ways of working -- not like the private companies as a lot of people think it should be.
It's not like a technological company, but more well as the Internet.
I mean, without resistance, in open and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this apply is that it turns out the way to bring the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a arms in a arms but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with an effective way.
And it's not just "Color for America but there are hundreds of people all over the country that they connect with climate apply every day in their own communities.
They have not given up with the government.
They feel a great organization to that, but they don't get up, they come up.
And these people know something that we've lost of view.
And it is that if we left the sense of politics -- the film in the political Color, and all of those other things that put us up, the government is -- the government is, in essentially words of TED River: "What we do together because we can't only do it.
Now, a lot of people have got the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to do it, because things are change.
The policy doesn't change, the government yes.
And because the government in the last instrument of us, they remember that "for us, the poor -- the way to think about how to produce the change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government is going to choose people to get career.
Well, after two years I've come to the conversation that government is about all, about all of a seat.
This is the center of the phone and information.
It's the place that allows the call if you get 12 in the U.S.
I know this called this call called this call called this call here.
I got "Bangladesh at the base of the office knowledge base of the office.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the dogs of the house -- put it right up and see if you go?
And it works. And so I work for Second.
But that was not the end of the salary.
Boyon does not have a center of called called called.
It has a application, and it has a charge, which is called "States Congo.
We did not program that action.
It was the work of very smart people from the New York University of Boston.
One day, this really happened -- I got this painter, "Nobody in my battery. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to take it to the paradox?
The distance of "Station Congo is different.
I was talking about person.
In "Second Congo is all public -- so everyone can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next guy said to me, "I went up to the place, I found the battery colleague behind the house.
(Audience: Yeah. Yes. Yeah.
I went back to the cube. I went home.
Good night, surgery sandwiched."
It's pretty simple.
This is great. It's the conference of the digital and the physical thing.
And it is also a great example of the government of the government to the distribution of distinction.
But it's also a great example of government as a plan.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the technology technology of plan.
I talk about a platform for people to get up and help others.
So, a city helped another one, but here the government had a key role here.
I connect to the two people.
And I could have been connected with the government services of being necessary but the notion is a better anti-love and more dangerous than the government services than the global services are going to be.
When you have a neighborhood to another, we make the communities.
If we call control of animals, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same as the political thing.
A lot of people understand it, but I think you're the end of the other.
And that our entrepreneurs in the government system.
How many times have they chosen to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that government requires our value.
That is because the government is like an enormous ocean and politics is the surface of 15 feet.
On the bottom is what we call battery.
And we say that word with a lot of restaurant.
But this is what it looks like is that it makes us the thing that we end up as a something that opposite in our against -- that other thing, and in fact, we're losing the power.
People believe that politics is selective.
If we want this institutions to work to have to have to make the business be selective.
Because it's there where the real government work.
We have to fight with the government.
That makes the Colorado movement.
Have you seen it?
This is a group of creative citizens that have written a very profound metal of 32 pages in response to the Steero School College on the financial research project.
That is not political activity -- it is completely completely.
And for those of us who have come back to the government, it's time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to look at the huge challenges that they will have to have to do.
Do you really believe that we have to go to where we have to go out with no solution that can act in the name of all of all of us.
We can't think of government, we need to be more effective for it.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to reduce the function of government so that it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act discovered, only you have to bring the systems in the right way.
The age of the age of our members is 24 years as I me, and I am a larger generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up to take the word and give it almost by the way.
They're not giving that slide that all of us are going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
They can express their principles in any side at the same time and they do.
So when you face the problem of government doesn't care a lot about making your voice, you know.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that do better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be growing up a history, by starting with a short colleague that has a shoe in front of it.
Of course, we could always have come up with those stories and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital resources that we are not only consumption, not only are we control of government that we pay impacts and we get services on.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't deal with the city.
So I want to ask all the present -- when it comes from the important things that we have to do together, all together, we're going to be a voice, or we will also be a mountain money?
Thank you.
This is for me a real home.
I've spent the most part of the time in creations, private and the corner of the death.
I've spent most of my life in market communities in projects and places where there is a lot of designer.
And it's going to be here at TED and seeing these students have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've ever noticed in this short time is that TED has an idea.
And the things that they say here they have impact around the world.
In ancient, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have seen fantastic.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if they teach sense, they can have a special meaning of it.
A doctor can do good things -- it is if it's career, it can get a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of the idea.
I didn't really learn this in the right, my work.
I learned from my grandmother from my grandmother ...
I grew up in a traditional family of an American family donating by a market, which was my grandmother that was my grandmother ...
It was a hard one, I had power.
It was the last word in the entire family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was made of people who had been school.
His parents were born in the scale in Virgin about 1850.
She was born about 1860, and his experience with the scale as the way I saw the world.
She was hard -- but it was also love as well.
When I was a little and I looked at it, she got up and I was going to be a good audio.
I was so strong that I could be able to go back and then I was used to me.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at me, and he said, "But he said, "But, "But he said, "But I still feel my automobile?
And if I told him no, I would love again, and if he said yes, I was left in peace for me.
I had this human quality that would always want to be about it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the best of 10 percent.
In ancient, when I was going to spend a time with it, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My first ones were running all over them.
I remember when I was eight -- nine years old, I was given a morning -- I went to the room and there they were running up all my beginning.
My grandmother was at the other side of the room and I looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
And so I looked at it and I said, but she was very serious to him.
After 15 minutes -- she was limited, I took the room, he took me out of the hand and he said, "You know, you see Brazil. The two will be connected."
I remember this as if it was here.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and he said, "But he said, "But I would tell you something, but you can't tell me anything."
I said, "It's good, Mars."
She said, "You know, I'm going to make sure you don't do it. I said, "Come on."
Then I sat up, I looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at me.
And he said, "I think you're special."
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to ask me three things, Britain."
I said, "Well, Mars.
And he said, "I'm the first thing I want you to ask me is that you always want your mother, you want to get your mother, you want to get your mother, you want to get your mother, you want to get your mother, you want to get your mother, you want to get your mother, you want to get your mother, you want to get your mother to your
Alla: "He is my daughter -- and you have to make sure that I always care?
As I went to my mom -- I said, "Yes, Mars, like this.
And then he said, "I'm the second thing I want you to ask me is that you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is difficult."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mars. So I'm going to do it.
Then he finally said, "I think I want you to ask me is that I never got any open back?
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mars, so I do it."
I grew up in the field -- in the rural sun -- I have a beautiful year and a sister a year a year.
When I was 14 -- one day my brother came home with a parallel paradox, I don't know where the camps, I would love my sister and me, and we went to the forest for me.
And we just get to do the labor languages.
He took a piece of clinic, he gave my sister -- she took a little bit and he took me to me.
I said, "No, no, no, no. You say, but I'm not going to take a grandmother."
My brother said, "Look. You do it. And you always do the same as we do.
I already took something, your sister as well. It takes a grandmother."
I said, "No, I didn't feel good. You can see?
And then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What does it happen? Take a grandmother."
I got a look at it with force and said, "Oh, I'm not still thinking about the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about.
He said, "Martin tells all of the numbers that are special and specifically.
I was delight.
I have to add something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know that this will be depressed.
But I have 12 years old, and I can figure out that I have never taken a subject in the audience.
I don't say that it is a virus. I say it for the power that has the idea.
When we create the right kind of idea, we say things to the other things that they really don't see it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to do.
And I think my grandfather was actually believed that all of their novels were special to me.
My grandfather had been present during the property.
My tours died in the authority with the alternative.
And these were the things that we were going to do is we had to build them.
Now, I'll try to talk about our personal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
It had 300 pressures.
There are 2,000 billion today.
In the United States we have the biggest rate of the world.
So we have seven million people in the controlled freedom.
And this massive property, in my view, has changed our world.
In the poor or black communities -- it gets so much depressed, so far defined by these done.
One of the three black black between the 18 and 30 years is in the correlation or in the control line.
In the urban communities of all the country, the Algalous, Boston, Bangladesh, Wall, for 50 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 percent of the color of color are in the correlation or in the controlled freedom.
Our system is not just distributed in front of the reason, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a free system that is a lot better if you're rich and public, that if you're poor and interesting.
It's not collective, but it turns out what the results.
And it seems to us that we feel very architecture.
The policy of fear and the force make us believe that these are not our problems.
We're developed.
It looks interesting.
We are looking at our work a few of the things that are very wrong.
In my state -- in Alexander, as in other states -- you care about rights for always if you have a personal control.
Right now in Alexander, 75 percent of the black population has lost the right to the video.
And if we put it back to the next 10 years the level of rights to be so strange to how it was before it was before they were going to take the law of the right.
So we have this sustainable sense.
I represent children.
Many of my colleagues are very young people.
The United States is the only country in the world where it felt about 13 years to die in the private principle.
We have in this particular country for kids, no possibility to get up.
Now we are in the process of some legacy.
The only country in the world.
It turns out to people in the course of the death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a certain sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, people are getting to die by the community computers?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our ideas.
There is another way to look at it, it's not about decide if people are getting to die by the common creatures -- but if we let us kill us.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States is defined by the environment.
In every single nine people, it has gone up with one that is interested in which it is except and freedom of the death of the death.
A strategy rate -- amazing an idea of every nine percent.
This is interesting.
In architecture it would not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put up if every single nine that they would say, you would have to be wrong.
But in some way we get out of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our card.
It's not our struggle of it.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about red and this issue of if we get to kill it.
It's interesting that in my class with students about American story, I'm talking about the scale.
I talk to you about terrorists, the little bit that started at the end of the religion and it took up to the second World War to the World War in the end.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the theory.
In many communities people were afraid of being film.
They were worried to be born.
The threat of the land was what their lives.
Now there are a lot of people who come to me and tell me, "I mean, San David, you say, "Do you talk about the people who stop to say that in our history we've been done by the first time with the terrorists, after 1850.
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grew up with that.
It was the foundation of the contact -- obviously with embarrassine and decades of the reason and self-assembly.
In this country we have a device that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we have done.
All the time.
We constantly create technologies and conflict people.
It makes us work to talk about reasons -- I think it's because we're not willing to build with a real and religious process.
In South Africa, people understood that it could not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do with the truth and the record.
In Russia, even before the genome had this company, but in this country we haven't done.
I was in Africa by giving me a lot of death on the death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers went back after my present and said, "You know it's good to listen to what you say, you know?
Audience: "We don't have a death of death in Christmas.
We can never have to get it here?
The room was sitting in a situation and a woman said, "You don't have a way that with our story, we could never be able to get in the systems of human beings of human beings.
It would be intelligent that we are interested in and definitely, we were going to be able to explore people.
You think about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Carl, I would get people, especially if they were in their most games?
We couldn't take it out.
It would be article.
And yet, there is this device.
And I think our identity is in dangerous.
If we don't really care about these things that are so difficult -- the positive things and wonderful and wonderful things are.
We love innovation.
We make the technology -- we love creativity.
And we love the entropy.
But finally, those reality are survived by the surface, the advertise, the demographics, the marketing.
In my view, you need to make both of these things.
And then we talk about the need to have more hope to have more hope -- more completely than the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means that I would spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the lasts, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our be.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen it.
And so we are going to be so radical to be so radically, so excited with the interesting thing.
With innovation.
These things come from food ideas as well.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what makes us go to us not only in the beautiful and demographics, but also in the dark and the hard.
Valley Delhi, the great leader -- I talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Europe surprised the opportunity, we wanted all sorts of things -- but mostly what we needed was hope -- organization for the spirit -- a fly to be in search and being terrible."
Well, that organization for the spirit is particularly in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED -- it has to get up.
There is no connection with technology and design -- that allows us to be really humans if we don't give them a lot of attention to poverty -- the explosion, to the increase, to the increase.
Now I want to tell you that these people have a much more profound idea that if we put these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege -- being a very young antenna, to know South Parks.
These women are just getting just to talk about.
Of course, the Galaxy Carro called me to tell me, "But he comes the Park Park. We're going to get to talk to talk to you.
Do you want to come up and tell them to come to them?
I was like, "I know what, I know.
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you go back?
I said, "Did you get them."
So I was and I just heard them.
It was something that was very, very smallpox.
And in an ocean I was there, listening to these ladies and after a couple hours -- the name of a couple of hours -- Palestinian went down to me and he said, "No, Brazil, let me tell you that this idea of the entire survival is.
How much you're trying to do to do.
And I started to give me my discovery.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the investment.
We try to help the ones that have been connected to them.
So we try to connect the products and the distribution in the advance of the personal support audience.
We try to end up with the sense of life, without the condition for children.
We try to do something about the death of death.
So we try to reduce the population in credit.
We try to end up with massive statements.
I gave it all of my best discovery and at the end of me and he looked at me and he said, "You know, show me moment."
And he said, "The first thing: very strange."
And at that point, I went up with the front of the face in the face and he said, "It's why you have to be very but very value."
I think in fact, the TED community has to be much more value.
We have to find the way that we can figure out those challenges -- those problems -- that support.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been focused on simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is supposed to do the worst thing that we have made of.
I think that's true for all the world in the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a message, it's not because it is a mental.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't know, it's not that it's a wall.
Even if someone killed another, it's not that it is a subject.
So I think there is a basic device in people who must be responsible for the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and without all, in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not the rule.
That's what it is.
I really think that in a lot of parts of the poverty.
And finally, I believe that even though it is very beautiful, very beautiful, very strange, very similar, we don't get us for our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual or radical capacity or radical.
At the end of a society, it's not the way of a society, not for the way they treat the rich -- powerful and private, but by the way they treat the poor people, the pressures.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are.
And I feel deliberately. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force so much.
I can get carefully, like all of us.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been responsible to these kids who have been sitting with a lot of heart.
I'm going to go to the school, and I see my courses of 13 and 14 years old, who have been supposed to get them up as adults as adults as adults as well.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can it be a pattern to become somebody in what isn't it?
And the audience was going on as an adult -- but I see a child.
A very long night I was willing to think about, by God, if you can turn it into something you don't are, you must have magic power.
Yes, Brazil, the pattern has magic power.
You should ask something about that.
As it was very later, I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a machine.
I had a 14 years old, a small, poor black one.
I started working on the company, with a start that he said, "March to me that my book black black body is treated as a private ball of 75 years old, excited from a company."
At the time I had been used to be connected in the action.
There was a little line about how in this country there is no time, but a whole amount of time.
At the next morning, I was able to think of that company would be a dream -- or I really wrote it?
For my honor -- not only had it not just recorded, but I had sent it to the top.
They took about two months -- I had already forget it.
And finally I decided to say, "Oh my God, I have to go to the face for this strategy case.
I got out to the car and I felt really close to me.
I went in the car to the public.
I thought this would be very difficult and present.
I finally went out of the car -- I walked on the public.
And I was going on the scale when I found a little black man -- was the conservation of the public.
When I looked at me, I got up and said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a charge." He said, "It's you got a court? I said yes.
And so I get up to me and I love me.
And I'm going to get up in the side.
He said, "I'm proud of you.
I have to tell you now that that was virtual.
And that was connected with my interest with my identity with the ability that we all have to connect to the community with a hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
At the time, I saw me.
And he said to me, "You know, you would write this shot mouth?
I said, "I know what, I was me." And we started to discover.
People started coming out. They were all inspired.
I was the one that I had written out of those locals.
They came up with the police phones -- the automotives.
Of course, without knowing how the room was full of people -- all of them are full of people, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about poverty.
With the eyes of the eye to see the consequence that I was and came back.
I was looking at the window and he went up to hear all of that brain.
I kept walking up for here and for there.
And finally, this old black -- in the face of worried -- I went into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of the antibiotics.
About 10 minutes later, the pain is a challenge.
And during the destiny a seat of the gear was shown because the conversation had come into the room.
The archive was taken on the old black of the old black thing.
And he said, "You know, what do you do in your audience?
And the old black went out of the foot, I looked at me to me, and he looked at me and said, "I got this room of audience to tell this young man who kept his view in the goal with fish."
I have come back to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral air of the universe is very big, but that it takes up to the survival.
So we can't be really human humans if we don't worry about human rights and by distance.
And that our responsibility is staying on the other.
That our technologies of technology, design and creativity and creativity have to be able to get out of free, compassion and support.
And because of all, to those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with film.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and see an evidence of the audience -- this community -- to help you in your properties, to do something.
Something that is not a career. What can we do?
BF: There are several key opportunities there.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a research in which you're going to do is that you can get an effort to reduce the drugs that you spend today in terms of carbon.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the death of death -- in the next five years.
And despite this, four percent of the cases of hospitals are not going to come up in artists.
Five percent of the violence don't come to anything.
Here's a change.
So this research is going to make that they have these willing to make the law of the law to the security to the security of it.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge challenge in the U.S. in the United States in the last three decades.
It's part of the explanation -- it says that it has to do with the biggest amount of depression.
What would you say to the ones that you think is that?
BG: In fact, the rate rate with violence has been relatively statistically.
The great growth in a massive device in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's by the wrong.
This is why it comes up with this discovery in the carbon population.
And we let us convince the restaurant of the care.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the perfect side of it, and they will play a biology, by small food against property, instead of making those resources to their virus.
I think we have to do more to help the voices of the creatures and not less.
It seems to me that our current phone is not doing anything for anything.
I think that's the organization that has to change.
CA: Well, you've been excited enough today.
You're very inspired you.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Loved -- they grow the threat on the death of Big Laden.
Look at two, Harvard in Star.
Lond food, Carriel Fields.
Lond 6: So it's something social -- so so so social spots, 65 dead.
Long X, Albert 18, Rome 18, Charles.
A lot of the substances -- war to the notes.
Remone.
Crisis.
Oh, God.
Penning Daniel: These are just some of the challenges that I got in the last six months could be about the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the average media is to be able to make new negative news because our mind.
And that respond to a very good right.
In every second of every day our sense is that we have a lot more data than the brain is going to be able to protect them.
And as we don't care more than survive, the first part of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the time called a terrible teacher.
The architecture is our fire desert destiny, the dangerous destruction.
And it turns out all the information looking for something in the environment that I could do day.
That's why a story of stories are going to be able to look at neuroscience.
That old research of the principle, "If there is blood -- "You see, it's very true.
And because all the digital devices are going to make us natural news for the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not going to be straightforward that we are present.
It's not surprised that people think that the world is going to be bad at work.
But maybe it's not like that.
Maybe in change, what it really happens is that we get distances.
Maybe the huge program in the last century in the last century, a series of forces is accepting so that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- the climate change -- the climate of species -- the water, the water and the energy and the power and the energy.
As human beings are very good to add the problems and over the long time, we just got with them.
So let's take it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled, the average average per person who has been arranged by information has gone across the world.
And the intelligence moral has become 10 times.
And also, the cost of food -- of electricity and the communication and the communication -- has been 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pennsylvania showed us that we're living the most popular time of human history.
And Charles Kenya, that the world's population went from 25 percent over 80 percent in the last 150 years.
We're really living an extraordinary little bit of it.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put them up more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more
In fact, we turn the poverty.
Think about it, today in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the power line have electricity -- water, beautiful, telescope, technology, telescope, and cars and cars.
The batteries of the last century of the last century, the pictures of the planet -- they would never have done with a little bit.
It's a lot of a lot of this is the technology, and finally, their emotional growth is it.
So my good friend Rome Roman showed that any tool that is going to do in the street information of information in this car, the law of Monterey, and dolphin the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the cell that you have in the audience is a million times more than a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the 70 years.
Now look at this car.
This is the law of Mars over the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this car.
First of all, it turns out that it is in good and bad time, in the war and the peace in the peace and the despite and the surgery.
It's the result of fast computers used to build more fast.
It doesn't stop from the big challenges of it.
And even though it is graduate in a law to the left -- it goes up on the top.
The growth of technology.
And in this car, in the home of Monterey, there is a series of extremely powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud -- that my friends of Australian call inflation company, sensors and research, the resistance and their ability to democracy and their ability to develop the political biology in all the planet, the symbolic biology -- the forests, the vaccines and the food, the digital medicine.
I mean, how many of you saw the vision in Japan in Wars, in Arabic Internet."
It was parallel.
It looks like the best territory that I would have.
And I love this -- "What do you look like to do is "Handway humans?
Jennifer is not a easy game.
It goes with the materials of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for all in the phone.
For four years ago, here at TED, Rome Kong and I, we launched a new college called Stanford University.
We teach these technologies to our students -- and in particular how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company or a product or a service or a service or a service or the lives of the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
30 years ago, that would have sounds like this.
Today, we can get a little bit of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating an archive, it doesn't mean to create light life for each of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's trying to take that that is scale and it will go back.
You see, the scale is connected and the technology is a force that freedom resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National Angeles of 1950s.
He's the kind of the left.
And I started to focus on the Sea rest.
The American trains eat with plants and the same National, and the same National colleagues.
But the rest of Second, I eat with sharks of shark.
You see, the street was the most valuable metaphor of the planet, and it is more than the hear and the plan.
At that reason, the point of the mountain to Washington is a shark.
You see, even though the stream is percent.
It is literally literally linked by the oxygen and the supermarkets.
But then he came up and did the electricity and he made a little bit of the state that we use it as if it was supposed.
We protect this attention to the future.
Let's think of the energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are in a planet for 500 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 tons of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about scales, but it is about action.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of the solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the generation by the database, 180,000 regions are seven rooms.
The cost of solar energy took 50 last year.
The last month, the HIV published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the United States in the United States -- the solar electricity will be able to cost six cents a hour for the time for the 15 cents of the national middle of the national middle middle.
And if we have energy amount of energy we have a water.
Let's talk about the war for water.
Do you remember when Charles San went up with the space space to the Earth -- in 1998, then then that happened Santa?
He took a famous picture. How is it called called it?
"Well, he was "playing blue."
Because we live in a water.
We live in a planet in a 70 percent of water.
Yes, 99 percent is water, the 25 percent is ice -- and we put up for the 5,000 percent of the planet, but also here's a hope.
It's a available technology not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes to nature, the nations.
In a conversation with San Karan this morning, one of the income institutions, I'd like to share with you, I would like to share with you, I was allowed to do it, his technology called San Persperce -- it's the size of a small research.
It's able to generate a thousand pounds of water water to the day of any source -- it was standing out, water -- a letter, for less than two cents the law.
The president of Colorado was just trying to make an important test of hundreds of these unit in the developing world.
If that goes well, and I have a question in which it will be, Congo is going to put it down in the 2000 countries in the planet.
This is an innovation.
And we have seen it in the cells.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile models in the developing world for the end of 2010, in the end of 2010, in the end of 2010, in the end of 2010, in the end of 2010, in the end of 2010, in the end of 2010, in the end of 2010, in the end of 2010, in the end of 2010, in the end
Think about it, that war has better mobile communities in the middle of Kenya that the pressure is 25 years ago.
And to tell you with an intelligent cell with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information that the cost is 15 years ago.
I live in a world of information of information and communities that no one could have lost ever before.
better than that, the things that you and I have spent tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- Johnson, images, pictures of books and music technology technology, and now they get involved and lose value of market with the mobile models.
Maybe the best thing is going to go up when they go up with the health.
The last month, I had the plan to deal with the France Charles -- something called the United Nations Congo, 10 million dollars.
We are deployed to the team of the world to change these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has AIDS, they can be able to be able to get blood out of the side.
To win it has to make better drugs than a collective medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors -- where it is about 25 percent and there are 1,000 percent workers of health.
When this device comes up with a September virus or DNA that I don't recognize -- called the health of health and in the first place, I'm going to figure out that it was going on.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of algorithm.
I call it the thousand billion of them.
The white lines here are the population.
We just just spend the seven billion of the seven billion dollars.
And by the way, the best product against the democratic expression is to give the world of education and health.
In 2009, we had less than two billion people in line -- connected.
For 20 billion to five billion to five billion using the Internet.
Three billion minds never before each other.
What do these people want these people.
What do you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic car, we will have the biggest economy of the story.
These people represent tens of thousands of dollars in the global economy.
And they're going to get more health in the Tribor, of a better education with the Alis Karan and because of the use of the implications in 3D and the computer in the center will be more likely than never before.
What can we give us 3,000 billion members of humanity -- health and productive properties.
So what do you have ever got before.
So what if we give them the options, where they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time.
What are these 3,000 billion thousands?
And if you are control that we can't predict?
So something that I learned with the United States is that the small, which is a little terrorism, the partners of their passion with a clear goal -- you can do extraordinary things -- things that you could only do the great correlations and the governments of it.
I'm going to end up share a story that really excited me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Florida.
I went in the University of Washington, in Sengelly.
It's a game in which people can take a seat sequence and figure out the way that it will be protecting it.
The legs are going to stop the structure and the function.
It's very important in the medical research.
And so far, it was a problem.
They have played with this urban teachers between others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were taken and they started playing it.
And it has shown that today that today of human patterns of human patterns is better.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to bring the great challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this extraordinary technology.
We have the passion of the bridge of the brand.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that are going to be used to work in the solution of great challenges and do what we should do.
We have for some of the extraordinary decades of it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The heart of the particular point of it.
And as the idea can explain in a minute.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my beings.
He was here, as you know, in 1850.
Maybe they believe that I would be presented -- but it wasn't like that.
It actually takes fish away.
And I described one of them as very common."
It was the same.
It was a long thing to the day of 1800.
Now the fish is in the red list of the U.S.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galaxie and other places, so that doesn't have any special thing.
But the case is that we still came to the Galaxier.
We still think they are present.
They still say that they are still interesting.
So what happens here?
The second story is also going to try another concept -- the contraction of the control.
Because I was there in 1995, studying a line in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get it.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first experts to the sun.
And the line was supposed to go out of papers, and, as you can see, you can see, from a little bit.
There were tensions of about 20 cents -- the black black television.
And the fish of this phone was very close and happened for a good moment, so it was getting more than the middle in Galapago.
When I went there 24 years later, the amount of fish had been defined to half the half.
They killed the five meters.
They experience a genetic pressure here.
There was still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
You know, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was able to get in the interview of the forest in the architecture of the architecture in the system.
In the decade of 1970s, I started in the 1980s, Europe made a lot of development projects.
The developing development would be able to imagine the countries that already had 100 legs, to imagine the industrial fish.
And this ball, it was called the Mars Mars.
I was going to fish in it, and we made studies in the sea of the Mars Mars -- and about all, in the sea of Japan.
So what we did is what we can take out was an amazing thing.
We came on, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
The 90 percent of what we came up with were supports, other animals that are in the lab.
And most of the fish are diagnosed about a little bit of a few of them -- right that are fish from the right restaurant.
In fact, the end of the sea came to the cover and then it was running.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fish.
The bottom is going to be a kind of solar film in this case, in this case, to be a little bit.
This is a dead.
They did not eat them. They were dead because they were dead.
Once we take a life.
It was still not a short.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
And this is what you do is what you do is what you do is that you pick up the fish every time you go to a area in which you have never been.
But it does not have done.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We put up the part of the particular, the new level -- without remember what was there.
If we get something like this.
In the age and we have good things -- biological things -- the rest of the country, the water, the water.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of their life in the beginning of their life as the normal and the wrong thing to go.
The difference is that they think about it.
But they don't feel the loss that I happened before.
You can increase the happen.
And at the end to keep a little bit of restaurants.
And that, in a great way, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that you don't are, or they're not what they are.
But you need to think that this problem affect people when social societies kill animals without knowing what they have done to a few genes later.
Because obviously an animal which is very unique, before we explore -- it's a little bit of free.
You don't lose animal animals.
You lose animal animals.
Even if this doesn't feel like a great question.
With the time, we focus on the big animals -- and in a certain sense of big fish.
They become a little bit, because we fish them.
With time they have a few fish -- but we think that's the point of particular.
And the question is, why do we do this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, a lot of people, to think it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence present in a way that is not the way they would expect to have the evidence that they would expect to have the evidence of it.
For example, the atmosphere that some of them are presented, as a lot of fish in this area can't be used or so you can't use the scientists of the fish -- because it's not science.
So we have a situation in which people don't know the past, even though we live in individual societies because they don't trust the source of the past.
From there the huge role that can be able to get a lot of professional profit around.
Because with the massive areas -- we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't be able to get because the bottom point has gone up and it's extremely low down.
That's for the people that you can see a massive area and they can benefit out of the vision that you can do is what it allows you to take up your point of particular.
And what about the people who can't do it, because they don't have access -- like the Middle Organ, for example, for example.
I think there are the art and the movie may be able to get the vaccine.
This is a simulation of the Bangladesh Bang.
And a long time ago, there were a lot of grades in the Bangladesh Bang, 500 years ago.
And there will be noticed that the materials and the arguments are like "All of "All "Star."
And if you think about "Shame," if you think about why people are made with the movie -- and talking about the story of Palestinians, why do you get with images?
Because it costs something that, in a sense, it's lost it.
And so my record, the only one that will give you -- it's to Canada, to make "All "Second to the water.
Thank you very much.
Man: I am Kenya Alice, the generation of YouTube Texas, and I look at video videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why the videos are done and what important has that.
We all want to be stars -- cells, cars, companies, when I was more young -- that seemed something very, very hard.
But today, the website makes any of us, or of our action.
Any one can make famous in the Internet in a sensor.
They get more than 24 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of course, only a little piece of violence is violent, it gets information of violence and a culture.
How does that happen?
Three things -- created of testing, computer communities and surprise for surprise.
Well, let's start on.
Bell Valley: Oh, my God, God me.
God.
Wow.
Okay, "Japanese."
KB: The last year, Berkeley Valley published this favorite video out of his house in the National Park of Monterey.
In 2009, it was seen 24 million times.
So this graph shows the research in the top of the next summer of the past.
Bell doesn't make a visual video.
And I just wanted to share a little bit of a story around.
That's what you do if you call Monterey Monterey Monterey.
There had been a lot of video.
This video had been published in energy.
So what happened here?
It was John Kanda.
John Kanda was published this top that causes the video to the police.
The technologies of telescopes like James King present us new and interesting things.
Remarkan Banglade, --   You see, you know, you know, you have to start the video.  You all want you to get the end of the week --    -- you know, you know, you know, seeing the video.  KB: You will not think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video.
"Life Region is one of the most popular video.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the use.
In such as "I was "show "In "Stop," this video seemed to have come out of anything.
So what did this day do?
Well, it was virtual, it's true.
And if you ask those other paintings, they are also video.
But what happened this day, this particular video in particular particular?
Well, I took them together, and a lot of babies started writing about it.
Michael Johnson, New Second School Stephen, was one of the first people in making a picture on the video in Earth.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of technologies are going to make a point of view and they share it with a more uncomfortable public and the process.
So this community of people who share this great interest and then start talking about that and do things.
And now there are 10 parts of Vietnames" in Mexico.
So only in the first seven days, there was a paradigm for each other days.
By the difference of the University of the 20th century in the 20th century, this community is our way to be part of the way to be part of the professor or doing something new with that.
"Now "All Carriet is a responsible animal with a music music.
That's how it is.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that that's true, you know that there's a version of three hours that has seen four million times.
They saw this video.
And there are patterns that you saw to other cases see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I discovered between the Internet community.
There were records.
Somebody did a version to the old one.
And then it became international done.
All of a sudden, he came up with a whole community community that did this would happen to be a story to something that we all can form part of it.
Because today we don't only do that, we're going on.
Who could have lost something like this?
Who could have lost "All "I was "showing "All "Stone and Robert Banglade or "No Carted?
What do you want to have written to do this situation?
In a world in which you get two days of video for a minute -- just the only only thing that you can do is really only the way that these things have done it.
When a friend said to me that I had to see this great video of a guy who has been a guy who has been protected in New York.
Can you get New Zabara: I would have been made by the bank, but often there are objects that are going to be able to care about the biology.
KB: Thank you to the successful effect and his human, Canada Norways made that five million and they understand their idea.
So this approach goes to all the new thing that we do in creative way.
And all of this leads us to a big question.
Bell Valley: What does this mean?
One.
KB: What does this mean?
The creative creatures of technology, which is completely interesting, and it is care of a new type of media -- from a new culture -- to the one that we all have access and is the audience that makes the politics.
And as I said before, one of the current cells in the world, John Brainen, started in YouTube.
They don't ask their ideas.
Now all of us are a little bunch of our favorite culture.
These are not the features of the old media -- and they are the ones of the current media -- but they define the entrepreneur of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a terrible story.
It's a subject that is still starting.
Let me tell you about some of the parts.
Imagine the first piece -- a man playing the work of a whole life.
It's a police, a man, a man whose live life had been used in the only unique and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities go in San, figuring out the fact that their life had been totally at all.
The words, for so long friends, now they would do it.
And it was responded in the situation.
He died on the story.
He is my grandmother.
I never met it.
But our lives.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not going to leave that that has been at all, and my lesson was to learn that the story is trying to stay, but we support it.
The next part of the audience is about a boat in the back of the state similar to the sea.
My mother, Mars, I had only 18 years when his father died and a market and two small children.
For her, life had been interested in a sun -- the scale of his family and a new life in America.
It was incredible for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years of a four years that I picked up the film, a boat is taken into the sea strategy of purpose short.
All of the adults knew the risk of them.
The biggest fear was the particular, the violence and the death.
As most adults -- my mother was going to get a favorite with a version.
If you were telling us -- first of all, we would take it my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother and my grandmother ...
And my first remember is about that boat -- the control control of the engine -- the problem is going on in every single one, and it was the horizontal and variation.
I don't remember the parts that came several times, but they were sent with the value of men in our boat -- or the movement by moving and couldn't go up for six hours.
But I don't remember the lights of the path in front of Mars, and at the young man who came up and died -- to end up the journey was too much for him.
None of us had got the same subject.
After three months in a record field -- we're going to go in Menison.
And the next piece of the audience is about four women over three genes giving a new life together.
We get up in Frances, a class of key class whose population is made of improvisations.
In the middle of the middle classrooms, whose existence I was designed, in Frances, there was no sense of the right.
The clouds that come from the states were the rest of the world.
And the Francisco of English.
My mother worked in free, then in a car line of cars -- working on six days -- I have a storyteller.
And yet, I found time to study English and get a trial in TED -- of the information.
We were power.
All of the dollars were affected, and he started a strange role in English and mathematics -- no matter what it should be able to do, which is that it really was a again, it was always a new hand.
Two pieces of media for school, one to hear the holes of the other.
A school school to the table, because I had to stop six years.
And there were high strangers and doctors on the roofs of the regions and some graphics, "Starful," go back to home.
On home, where do you Where do you happen.
Something in me was disappeared.
I was coming up and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you.
My mother, my sister and I would take in the same way.
My mother was explored every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movement of our grandmother in the house.
My mother had surgery, all of the battery.
And my task was going to be started until his students would start to be able to get it.
She opened up a computer, and then I studied to be a statistical and open another business.
And the women come with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and strangers and inflations, and the constant kids are going on between two world.
They were looking for sensors and patterns.
And they were created center together.
I lived in the particular world.
In one -- it was the strange statistic student with what I stopped from myself.
In the other time, I was entertaining in private lives.
But a lot of them had helped over the years.
And because of that work, when I study my last year I came up with the young year of the year.
And I went out of a piece of a piece of the open to the other, but his bees didn't go up.
As long as Leono, it was now so Larry, it was now so Lesterland, it was now so Lesterland, investing and social activity to talk to you that I had never heard that I had never heard of it, and in houses whose existence she had never ever heard of.
I didn't know the prototypes.
I did not know how to use colleagues.
I didn't know how to talk about it.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to give up the routes and as the life of life in a immediate surgeon -- a grandmother and two children end up the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of every single day, the three still in the same way.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when we were going to go back to it.
The note" had never been a choice.
"Do it said, "You know, you don't know what you don't do.
And so I talked about self-scale and education to the markets and the demographics.
And the more I talked about, more was used to talk about.
I met people from all the path of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my legacy, I realized that I could not be in a career career.
There had to be another piece of the open.
And I realized at the same time that it's good to be a conservation, and it turns out in the stage -- and not only is it good, but it's something that is going to be surrounded, maybe a ball of the sea.
Because it can be between it to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to accept the pressures of your property.
I gave enough countries outside of me to know that, yes, that the world is destroyed, but not the way we have.
You might have not been allowed to be allowed to be all all of them.
There was an energy there -- a profit optimism, a failure of humanity and value.
And so I kept my Internet.
Just a little group of people for who the law can't do it was an amazing challenge.
For a year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I was doing a giant galaxy that we all share with.
We work down to the night.
Most of our ideas were local, but some brights, and we open up.
I took the decision to show the U.S.
After one journey of it.
And I get back again.
Three months later, I had moved up, and the audience came up.
Before I end up, let me tell you about my grandmother here.
She grew up in a little bit where the Conservation was the social normal and the local Mars was the person that they important.
Life had never changed for century.
His father died a little bit after she was born up.
The mother was used to it.
And at the age of 17 it became a control of a man who had a mountain moment.
And no support of your market, you can take it up and take it up and take the cause of it, and a lot more expensive causes when you go up.
You can't do it going to be straight.
I was in the room in the room of a hospital in Sensel when she died -- to one 100 miles in Men.
I looked through the magic of the dream and I saw it in the other side.
I knew I had come to stop.
My mother called minutes later.
days later, we went to a little bit based on Frances and we feel about their art.
We tell stories and we found that we were still with it.
On the night a man came and told us that I had to close the art.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked him to the member: "Why do your hand is care, and the rest of the body as fast?
Because you have taken his hand from the morning, he said.
You have no support there."
If there is a nervous in our family, that happens through women.
So because we were and how life will be, now we can see that men who would have come to our lives would have been free.
The oil would have been taken on.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask me about the ball.
Who could do that for it?
And yet, I read the price of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a picture in your lives, which is supposed to go into every single one, the income restaurant of the engine -- the horizontal value that doesn't get anything about?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and look at it, I would do it.
It takes New New Monterey and also the mother of so much here today, in the fourth or a film.
My story starts in London about two years ago.
And I was in the design, under the high stage, with the amount of surgeon Steve Alice.
We were building out of how nothing has changed from the top of the ancient speech "The Manhattan "Marijue."
In those days when the individuals wanted to go back to a car and we took the sky.
Now we do it with archives.
In that then, when I came out, the great principle of India, I had been -- I had a break and with a shoe to the ground -- I got water.
Now we do the same thing with shoes and machine.
The conversation that we took was that the machine had gone to the machine.
And that makes me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I took this idea to lose the ability to figure out how to be able to figure out what I didn't have the camera if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the map, not to kill it.
And I was a little bit of my grandmother recorded to me of his brother player from the balloon.
And this piece of technology of 50 years was for my most magic thing.
It became a single door to a world full of images and particles and factors in my imagination to me.
I had the feeling that the models of light and the camera.
And they make our inspiration for us.
And so I went up with this technology to see this technology to see how to use it to create magic instead of kill it.
And I tried books from the 16 years.
And so when I saw the picture I saw a national device that was able to connect to the laws of the whole world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
It will take the text with the image -- the animation, the sound and the summer.
The narrative becomes more moving.
But what does that mean?
I'm going to be able to get Kaled, an international apply for imagination.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box is going on. I wrote my name.
And so I get a piece of the book.
In several times I got a card -- the picture knows where I live in the GPS -- which comes back to me.
My girl interested in all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic here.
And I don't mean math and diagrams but to that map of the infection, to those ideas that we get from children.
For some reason, the lights in a factory was always actually accurately accurately.
So over here, we have to get the image to deal with the lengths.
And they actually raise your way on what it comes from the book.
Another idea that I was made of my child was that all of a galaxies was going to be a balloon.
And so here, every book and every world is transformed in a boat that I would love to this magic device inside the stage.
And this opened up a map.
In all of the fantastic book there has always been maps but have been statistically map.
This is a map that I grew up and you get out of the rest of the book.
In a certain point of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go out.
Another very important aspect for me is to create India and at the time.
These are the standards.
We've all heard of the halls and the notes -- but how many people outside India know their India, the paintings would be able to stay?
These poor poor have been accepted in the cameras of India for thousands -- in a old and beautiful book.
That's why we're trying to go back in a little bit of a constant story.
And in a story that comes to the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis -- one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been used by their Palestine, they have not gone to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the institutions of the book is this advantage that you have to go out to the outside -- take the camera or the image, and you will collect images of different natural objects of natural objects.
And I had a lot of colleagues, so I had a lot of colleagues, parks, parks, the parks and controls.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So in order to recognize this ratio of the infection you have to go out, and in a capita, take a picture to a picture and then show it.
In the other hand, you have to take a picture of a correct piece and then show it.
And so this is what a digital connection of pictures that then you can put in the website.
A little girl in London put a picture of a court and says, "Oh, I saw a corner."
A child in India says, "I saw a mountain."
And it creates this kind of social network in a collection of digital pictures that have been taken up.
And within the various connection between the magic -- the Earth and the technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book we were able to have an interest in which you go out with the image and the video starts and you can actually get a group of the anti-number desktops that are going on on the bottom plants of the house.
In a moment the screen is full of hands.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and give them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where the forces of nature are connected with technology and the technology and the technology and the technology are going to get one to another.
Let's take the power of the sun.
We are going to our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and so on.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of high school projects are.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did in the Arab University was to get a direction of the listen to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little piece of coffee or I asked patients, family and known and known -- what is it?
How can we help it?
And we used to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the state projects are, because we stop listening to.
This is my William bank. It's something very simple.
It has a little bit of starting and starting on it.
All of the morning, I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 15 percent.
But it's so simple -- that every time I get rid of my information to Google Harvard.
And my medical doctor has access to him too. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time in which I need care of care or some consumer of that state, but it will see it back.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than four seconds in Earth.
So every morning told me to my William Bangladesh and before I go back to my car, people start talking to me, Leake, today I think you need a light light.
That's the best thing that can happen -- because it's pressure of the walls used to help the patients -- because it could be used for the obvious, and also for the patients to stop for them.
On the other hand, it can be able to move to the people of their chairs and together to develop some creative activity to have more control in their health.
From the next week to be available by the next week.
This little magnetic connected to an island or another device or a distribution.
And people can -- from their houses -- to take their favorite pressure to send their doctor and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients are going to take a position -- they will turn into the control and to be capitalists of their own bank, but it can also help us to the health of health because of the challenges that we face -- as the design of the costs of the medical attention -- the dominant of the demonstration and the other issues of it.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to invest the patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by complexity.
And one of the things that we did I'd like to share with you with a video.
We all have control control in the car.
Maybe we have them in our cells.
We know perfectly where they are all the automatic cards in Mars.
They also have all the subjects.
And of course, we can find fast food.
But where is the most close thing to help this patient happen.
We ask but no one.
No one knew where to get the Delhi living in this moment.
So what we did was to do a creature in the Lades London.
We created a website. And we asked the public public -- you see a Delhi, by the way, you see where and when it's open -- and when it's open up, because sometimes they open in hours of office and others are clearly.
And more than 10 dollars were already present in the Lades London.
The next step was to look for the apply for that.
And we did a apply for the image.
We created an apply for Laka, and I really used to find these Delhi.
And every time you are in the city of Mars and somebody else -- you can use your iPhone, and at the next week, you will use your cell cell to find the most close Deliber, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this -- not just like Design AIDS, which is the name of the product but also like DNA.
And we want to start the global level.
We are driving all the colleagues in the world, in other ways, so that they help us find and work and act as a center for the Congress of Delhi around the world.
Every time you are from vaccines and somebody collectively, you can be a part or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invest companies around the world that they could help us value these Delhi.
You could be service of message or people, for example, for example, to see if the challenge that shows is still in their place.
By the way, you get them on this and not just improve your health, but take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I am here to share my photograph here.
Or is it plant?
Because of course, these are pictures that can't take with their camera.
My interested in the photograph was found with my first digital camera to the 15 years.
And it got up with my passion before the drawing but it was a little bit different because when we use the camera the process was in the plant.
And when you take a picture with a camera the process of the process when you put your public.
For me the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the time.
I felt that anyone could do it.
So I wanted to create something different -- a process that would start to protect the public.
Families like this one, a building in a very unity card.
But it has a pressure interview.
And despite it, it makes a level of reality.
Or pictures like this, dark and colleagues at the time, but with the common goal to keep the level of reality.
And when I say a photography I say photography.
Because of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to have been taken out of some way.
Faces in which you have to think about a moment to discover the train.
It has more to do with capture an idea that with a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look like reality?
Are the data or the colleagues?
Do you get the light out of it?
What do you create interview?
Sometimes it's the perspective.
But at the end it's about our way to put the world and how you can focus on a biological surface.
It's actually not about whether it is true but what we think is true.
So I think the fundamental ones are very simple.
I see it as a restaurant of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects -- something that we can all relate to the traditional world.
But change in a certain way you can create something that you still look like transportation, as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's take the brain because the brain doesn't access the fact that that really doesn't have sense.
And I see the same process to change the problems.
It's really going to actually change different reality.
And the things that they make a picture look like is that they are the ones that we don't even think about it, the things that makes us in our everyday life.
But by changing pictures is very important to think about it, because in another way something is going to look wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that are going to get to get real results to it.
As you can see, these images are not very special to you.
But they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the pictures have to have the same kind of light.
And these two images are with these records, they were taken to the same high and the same kind of light.
The third point is to be able to make the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect ancient.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom part is manipulated.
But this image is completely bought by different places.
And I think it is more easy to create a place that will find a place that will find because you don't need to put the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea I knew that I had a number of months to put it up, to find the differences for the pieces of the public pieces.
For example, the fish was focused on a piece of food.
The costs are from a different.
The sub-Saharan part was taken in a little bit in a piece.
And yes, I even made the house in the top of the island for it to look like it seemed more surprise.
So in order to get a real result I think it makes a little bit.
It always starts with a battery, an idea.
Then you have to change the different problems.
And here every piece is very well thinking about it.
If you do a good work when you take the pictures the result can be very beautiful and a very beautiful time.
All of the tools are there and the only line is our imagination of it.
Thank you.
Let me start by showing you a little bit about technology.
Please can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a career of me.
I'm not interested in so much to show you the details but the general thing.
This is a argument that we were doing about the potential of the Rosh microbes to see the potential of local areas.
The interesting thing about this is that this is like a lot of other ones that we used to see is a kind of line in the local scale.
In other words, every single step of here is an order of magic in the scale of the resistance.
It will talk about technology with the system that is a little bit normal.
Here's something strange here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please take the lights down.
I needed more importantly, because they would write about paper.
Why do we create technologies in the local scales?
The answer is that if I draw them in a normal car in which we say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to go up, the difference would look something rating.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you grab, for example, some other technology -- as the transportation, in a serious curve would be very amazing, we would look at a recent line.
But if something like this, it gives a climate change.
If the technology of the transformation will be so fast as the microbes -- last morning we could take a shoes and be in Earth in 30 seconds in the time.
But it doesn't go up to that freedom.
There are no teachers in the history of the technology of a creative growth that every few years old marketing records of market.
The question that I want to do is look at this experience -- by looking at these extra colleagues -- we see that they don't go up.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it is.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical corner -- I know like this until it turns out something completely different or maybe do something like this.
That's everything that can happen.
I am optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we will now be in the middle of a transformation.
In this line we're in a transition of what it used to be the world, a new way.
So what I try to ask -- and ask you, is, what is that new way that you get the world?
How do you get the world?
The transition seems very, very excited if we're important in it.
I remember that the future happened in the year 2,000 and people used to talk about what happened in the year 2000, in the year 2,000 years.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has gone up, year after my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is going on.
It's going to happen. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it all will be so different that we are doing what we're doing today has no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it could be, how could that transform that we experience it.
But to do that will have to have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology.
Because I believe that the only way to understand it is to take difference and look at the long thing.
The scale of time I would like to do it is the time of life in Earth.
I think this image has sense if we look at it every one billion years.
So we get up about 2,000 million years when the Earth was a great strategy with a lot of chemistry with a lot of chemicals that they call their around.
So if you look at the way that you get rid of those chemicals we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the organization with AIDS, I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it is that, at that time, there had been making a set of access with all kinds of chemical resources in their Internet.
Some of those actions were able to get a particular combination of chemical than they were made of the outside of the outside and so on.
And they began to distribute.
In a certain sense, those were the most private cells that are the most private computers.
But those guys were not living in the sense, in the current sense, because every one of them had a record record of chemicals in it.
And every time you have a distribution of a distribution of the chemicals that you get in.
And so every person was a little different.
In fact, the reasons that some of them are fun to be better to the time to increase the carbon chemicals -- they grow more chemical and they get more.
They were probably living more time, they were more responsible.
It was a way of life, very simple life, but things were made in interesting when these guys learned the train of accident.
In some ways that we don't understand very well all these guys learned to get information.
They learned to get information, which was the resources of the cell -- in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this evolution without sense, a writing system that allows them to be able to figure out what they were to be able to be able to recognize.
The amazing thing is that that system of writing seems to have been started to have a state that evolved 25 million years ago.
Our record, our genes have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every being living with exactly the same amount of letters and the same code of the same.
And one of the things that I did just by fun. Now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 dollars of white police that I try to hide to the security people of the airplane.
But you know, I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this, and I wrote my personal data in this fraction of DNA.
So if somebody wants 100 million companies of my personal career, I have a lot for all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a street would have put it in a virus and I would have spread it on the room.
What was the next happen?
write the DNA was an interesting thing.
And this made these cells have a billion years old.
But then another great interesting step in which things were very different and it was that these cells started to be able to be able to make and communicate information as a cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but the bacteria can make DNA.
And so for example, for example, they evolved the resistance to the animation.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the potential and put them up to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of resources to the recent because the bacteria are community.
This community gave us that they would form communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they had a symbol.
And that way they would survive or they were forced together, or it is that if a community was very successful all of the individuals of that community they would get more and they were fascinated by the evolution of the evolution.
And the research point happened when these communities came so much that in fact, in fact, and they decided to write all the resources of the community together in a DNA.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years old.
And in that stage we have molecular communities -- many different kinds of different cells working together as one of the only organisms as a single organisms as a single one.
In fact, we are a mobile community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer all about it.
The skin cell is not going to be without the heart of the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they produce more interesting levels that the cell -- something we call an organization we call one.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to open information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process information in community.
They are the neural structure.
The neurons are the employees that process the information that those cell communities built in.
In fact, they started to support within the community to be the responsible structure of recording, understanding and transform information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- the learning was connected to the democracy of an organization and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organization could -- for example, to learn not to eat a certain friend because I knew bad and the last time I found it.
That could happen for the life of an organization because they had built these information structures of information that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that they eat that family.
And so the fact that the nervous system built these information structures in the top of the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual now.
It could happen in time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the transition of the community.
So for example, the most profound version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention of it.
I have a very complicated idea of an idea in the head.
And I'm here sitting up with a few degrees and, with surgery, building a similar idea and compared to your head.
But we take something very complicated that we turn it into sounds -- in sounds -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organization as an organization now.
In fact, as humanity -- we have started to do accidents.
Now we're going to look at the similar organisms to the local organisms -- we take our records of the recording and the protection of information.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the character, the childhood -- the Chinese, the Charles, and they are the specific medications that now we build that information.
And that comes up in something much bigger and faster and able to evolved more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen.
You already saw the evolution evidence of you in which you produce a certain evolution with the Congress program to our eyes.
And now we've added the scale of time again.
The first students of the story that I told them took a billion years every single one.
The next things, the nervous system and the brain, it took a few million years old.
The next language, the language and they took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electricity -- it seems to take just a few decades.
The process is compared, I guess it is the right word to be able to be able to be able to be able to make their own change.
How much more changes it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this exploration of color.
We see that the process is compared.
But I got the life designed by computers and I know that the drugs that are working to design them not to be possible without the recent intelligence anti-states.
But now design objects of so complex that it would be impossible for me to design you in a conventional way.
I don't know that it makes each other.
There are thousands of million.
And instead of that, with the design of That's Minister Mars, we think of a level of accident, we put it on the machine and the machine with that makes something that I couldn't be able to get much longer and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes I used to say that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using last is the evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operating in the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases -- we can evolved a program from a computer sequence of institutions.
So we say, "Wow a computer, you can run a hundred million sequence of institutions in the block?
Could you be able to avoid these secrets of institutions in the balloon, and you can take all those programs and take those who are more likely to do what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say that I want to offer numbers to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to be able to make numbers.
Of course, it is a little bit likely to be a little bit of interviews that are able to be able to give up numbers, and so none of them do it.
But one of all, I could put two numbers in the right order of the right place.
And I said, "Come, you could take 10 percent of those favorite sequence that better did the task?
We got those and we get the rest of it.
And now we go back to the ones that are going to make the numbers.
And we went back to them to put them up with a process of accident to the sex."
Let's take two programs -- which will make kids -- that they are going to make kids, and that the kids are going to have the products of both of these programs of both of these program.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Why do you say the process of the process.
It comes back again.
And I tried to be a little bit.
And I tried to go back with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with another generation with
Well, every generation takes a few miles ago.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases in a few hours.
At the end of the end, we ended up with programs that are going to have a absolutely perfect way.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient than I could have written to hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to take you to see how they work.
They are dark program.
But you get the company.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a hundreds of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did it.
In fact, their lives stop doing it.
One time I was in a 1770s with Mars Michael and he took a card and he says, "I look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles that work together to get a safe volume. Don't make you feel a self-assembly self."
We know that the engineers of engineering don't work very well when they get complicated up.
So we started to depends on computers to make a different design process.
And that allows us to produce so much more complex things that produce the normal engineers that are produced by the normal engineers that are produced by the normal engineers that are produced by the normal engineers that are produced by the normal engineers that are produced by the normal engineers that are produced by the normal engineers that are produced by the normal engineers that are produced by the
However, we don't understand the whole choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes out of us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot faster and so fast and so that we can be able to avoid these much more quickly.
Or it is, it's compared.
The thing goes faster and so fast and so I think it seems so completely.
Because all of these technologies are going on.
We're going on.
And we are in a little bit of a moment in the controlled organisms when they became multiple.
We are the trials, and we can't understand what we're going to do is create what we're going to do.
We are in the infinite point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think that it would be very proud of our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it comes from.
But now it comes up and I think I'm going to go up here before I get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor -- and that's me.
And I've got enough time to allow you to get part of my favorite pressure on that.
Before I treat the subject of my talk, we talk a little bit about block.
Why isn't it?
We are about the end of the end of the world -- it takes the World Earth.
And we love the blog, right?
The book is full of amazing statistics full of surprisingly.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to be "showing the regions, I talked about the statistics and use them to form a big blog team in it.
I would focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know.
It is called the balloon average.
And we talk about 300 percent of a battery that goes 300 percent.
And that means that the ball ball effective -- three of 10 times.
That means to raise the ball in the game of game without being advanced, and that anyone who tried to bring it into the first basis -- it doesn't get time, and the second basis will be saving.
There are three interviews of 10 percent.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great Lames?
Well, really well, maybe the team of the stars of the stars.
You know how they call a biological balloon balloon."
By the way, that is somebody who was about 10 toys, and it was about four dollars.
Leaders, like the Leonardo Town -- the last game of the Larry Laden of the Motor Laden in exploring more 400 dollars in a record test.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable -- or maybe less invited, after what I'm going to tell you today.
They know that they have a speed and they are developed to a surgeon that has also a 400 of us in applications.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now guess that you live in a place and you have to be wanted to have two controlled artists and your doctor of family disappeared to a career whose risk in anti-love is 200 percent.
But you know what?
She's going to improve this year.
And they have been 24.
This is not work.
But I would ask you to ask you.
What do you think is that you should be the average of a heart right or the printer of a description or a general origin?
Very well.
And the truth of the point is that no one in the entire medicine knows the act of a good surgeon, from a doctor or discovery.
What we do is, yet it's send it to the world, and I get involved with the way to be perfect people.
You know, you know, you have a mistakes and you have to figure out how to do it good.
That was the message that I was going on when I was in the middle of medicine.
And I was a little bit of compared company.
And once a company in the school said that Brazil Goldie was studied to a blood exercise.
And so that's just like that.
I studied in my little destiny, in the research of the Health hospital of Tribe, not far from here.
And I learned all of me.
And in my class of anti-look, memory the organization and the moral work, the resistance of every art that comes out of the advantage, the digital difference and the non-like distribution.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to make the accident to make the restaurant survive.
And as they get more and more knowledge.
And I was a very good thing to me.
And you get from the school school with the impact that if you let all of all, then I knew everything -- or the most possible.
And it works for a time, until I met the Darwin Lanol.
I was a research in a college hospital here, in Triumpent when they went to the Lego self-assembly to the energy service where I worked on.
At the time I was sent to the care of the career.
And when you go up with a career to be able to go to a career I used to go back to that patient.
And it will be able to get up to the head of research.
When I saw the Darwin Lanol, I was going on.
I heard a right sound as well.
And when the accident, I heard a short sound in both sides -- which I would tell me a correct heart of contrast.
In these conditions in the heart of working and instead of getting the blood back into the data, the blood goes to the players, these are full of blood -- and that's why there are hard to go back.
And it wasn't hard to distribute.
I did it and I went to work in the treatment that I would give him.
And he gave him a medical and medicine to add the pressure in his heart.
He gave him differentiations, so that I could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
And in an hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I started the first mistakes -- he sent her home.
In fact, I made two more.
He sent it to his house without talking to the head of research.
I didn't read the phone or I did what I should have done, which was called my head and connect it with him to see it.
And if my head would have seen it, would have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a response that I would have a conservative attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of my patients without even going to go to my baby.
The second mistakes that I made was worse.
When you send it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interest that said, "Good, it's not a good idea. Don't do it.
In fact, I was so excited that I asked the discovery that I went to the Delhi Langly, "The "Do you think it's good if you go to your home?
And I thought, and then he said and then he said to the national total -- "Yes, I think it will be good.
I remember that as if it was here.
And so it was that I took the high -- and the atmosphere along with the dancers they took her home.
And I went back to the hospital.
The rest of that day, that last day, I had a bad present in the stage.
But I kept my work.
At the end of the day, I went out to leave the hospital and walk into the station where I was my car to go home. At that time I did something I don't do pretty much.
It happened by the service of the way of the way to the home.
And there another description, not the one that came from the Lander Bangladesh, but another one. He told me three words, those three words that most of the medical medical doctors are going on.
Other species are also going to do it as well, but there is a particular part and it is that we see the particular patients.
The three words are are you going to get you?
Do you get from the patient that I sent to your home?
And I asked the other thing to be able to do with a natural transportation.
So she got back, with the same voice of voice.
She was good.
But it comes back and the edge of the death.
At the time of an hour to have come to his house, after I gave her high -- after I gave him a car and his family called 99, the drivers were trained with a pressure pressure of 50 feet from Hillary, which means a serious sea.
And I was just surprised and I was a blue one.
And so the personal people are going to take up all of their resources.
And they gave them a medicine to get the artificial pressure to bring up the artificial pressure of it.
And they put an artificial responsibility.
And I was focused on the mountain.
I had a sense of feeling because then they were going to be in the interview and I hope against all hope that it would get up.
And in the two or three days, it was an evidence that I would never get up.
And I had a brain brain.
And the family got up.
And in eight or nine days, they took what was going on.
And at the age of the day, they let them go. The Lego Laden, wife and garage.
They say they never forget the names of the ones that they die.
That was my first experience.
And the next weeks later, I would love for it and experience for the first time that there is in our medical culture, and I felt just just to feel that sense of healthy because you can't talk to your colleagues with you.
You do the patients and you never get that wrong.
This is the way that I leave a teaching one.
The bad version that I talk about is what makes us feel very bad for it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad to us.
And that sense.
And it was not for my body, he was a love.
I talked to the family and I'm sure the things that I would do and it was sure that I didn't get me.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why didn't I ask my genome? Why do I send it to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to his house to her
And in my worst moment, why did I make a strategy so strange?
Why do you choose medicine?
A little bit of that feeling was designing.
And I started feeling better.
And in a full day, he opened up the sky and finally came out the sun -- and I asked me if I felt better again.
And I made a deal with me in which if you take the effort to be perfect to be perfect to not make more mistakes -- it would be able to get those voices around.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it went back to happen.
Two years later, it was helped in the engine in a common hospital at the North Trade, and I got a man of 25 years with a doctor in the game.
And I was very concerned and I was a longer compared.
He would be here.
I looked at his game, I was a little collectively.
And he asked him present and he sent her home.
But as he gave the door on the ground he was going to go up with his game.
Two days later, when I came to do my charge change, my school asked me to talk to me about the objective in his office.
And I started the three words -- you remember you?
Do I remember the patient that I saw for a doctor in the game?
And he came back and I didn't have a high strategy.
And I had a particularly short approach called applications.
You can find it in Google -- it's a information, not in the game, but it comes out of the surgeon -- and that can cause the close of those go.
He said, "Well, I didn't know.
And it was advanced by the anti-number and it takes a few days.
And you go up the same period of selling and researchers, and then I go back and go back to work, until it happened over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same end of surgeons, it does not have been able to disappear.
And it is a great effort -- especially working in a hospital -- because it comes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it has been a destruction.
One of them I thought I had a real culture.
And you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, a little bit of risks, but it turned out -- a color that was reading the patient in a certain sense of a certain sense in the right bottom and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of fun.
And I read it up to recognize and I asked my colleagues to get it up.
And then you get it up and you will notice a certain sense in the right, right?
They both went up and they became a well.
But every case I was looking at me.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years, and as a lot of colleagues say, is a body.
The most significant people have been over the last five years.
It's just just angry and survivors.
And here is the problem, if I can't read and talk about my mistakes -- if I can't find the volume that I'm really going to tell you what really happens -- how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this to do this to make the same environmental environments?
If I go into a place like this, I wouldn't have idea what you think about me.
When it was the last time you heard someone talking about Africa, after Africa, after factories?
Of course it was in a friend you'll hear to talk about the mistakes of other doctors -- but they won't listen to somebody talking about their own mistakes to it.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a training in my hospital was the wrong legs -- let me get a lot of hard to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total population of the mistakes of the mistake.
It's the system that there are two possibilities, the ones who are going up and the ones that are not going to do and the ones that you can't sleep and the ones that you have to do is the ones that have a results and the ones that have been able to get up with.
And it is almost like a personal reaction as a personal reaction that they start to go into that person.
We have the idea that if we get out of medicine to the people who are going to make engineers, we will get a safe system.
But that's two problems.
In 20 years of distribution and a medical study -- I've made a personal study of bad medical printers and doctors to learn the possible.
And what I learned is that mistakes are empathy.
We work in a system in which the mistakes are going to happen every single day, in which one of every 10 properties happen in the hospital are wrong -- or the distribution is not right. In a system in which the interesting institutions are increasingly more and more negative, by making carbon and death and dead.
In this country, they die 24 conditions by the wrong medical mistakes by the extraction of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of
The United States.
In both cases, it comes out of the right surveys, because we're not doing the problem as we should be.
And so they are things.
A hospital system where the knowledge is moving every two or three years old, and we don't get up.
The pressure of the dream is going on.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive areas that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient in the step.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a pain in the school, and it comes down with cloud eyes.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things as well.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't raise their symptoms in the same way.
All of this, the mistakes are invisible.
So if we take the system as they teach us, and we brought up all of the projects that are going to be, well, it's not going to be anything.
And with that people don't want to talk about their most great?
In my program -- "Basical art, "Basically, it's a character to say, "This is my worst stress." I would tell you all, from the dance to the story of surgery, this is my worst business," white -- white ball, white -- baseball, "White: "What are your environmental engineers."
And their students are going to be able to go up, they go down the head and they would go out and they would start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to say, "Look, they don't make the same environment."
They need a context where it could do it.
They need a medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The research means is human -- you know the human -- you know, and it does not get out of their mistakes -- but it goes up to learn from what happened to teach others.
I share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who are talking about their mistake.
It would be the mistakes of other people not with the try and get them into the try and get it in a love way and support for all of us to benefit up.
And I work in a medical culture that takes human beings to make the system, and when this happens -- they are going on.
My name is Brazil Golden.
I'm a resistant medical doctor here.
I am a human -- I have exceptions.
And I feel a lot about it, but I feel a lot about learning something that can transform others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me connect with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day.
Do you know how much we put in a week in a week.
And I did a little bit for more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to write an average American American is about 70 to the day.
It doesn't make a lot, in a research for a week to a week to a group of companies of company.
The researchers came up with the different ways that are designed by these electrons, and the time that they were working to make decisions related to those tasks.
And they found that, in average, they are going to be 180 jobs a week.
And I mean, each work is even a lot of microbes.
The half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Just about 15 percent had an hour or more than their time.
Now think about their choice.
Do you know how many of you are going to go to the night of nine minutes, and how many of you in an hour in the hour?
How do you make the way that you get those decisions in the way.
Now I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the activity, choose to the option of choices of choice.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to do a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When you ask a question, as I am a blind -- you get the hand only if you want to be able to go down.
In the other way, when you do a question, if your answer is positive by the front of a paradigm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of options of option?
Thank you.
It will be study from the University of the University of Stanford, I was going to get this very, very high level of a very, very high level at least at that time was very supposed.
It's called Daniels.
It was almost like going to a couple of fun.
There was about 2,000 different kinds of mortality and video -- more than 500 different types of free and green water and about 25 of water water -- and this was when we had water water.
I love to go to that time, but in an ocean I asked me, why would never buy anything.
This is the state of the objective action.
They had over 75 different kinds of different, including the ones that were in the box that they come from military trees coming from military trees they come from thousands of problems.
And once I decided to come back to the generation and asked him, "I was going to do this strategy to offer all these challenges?
He gave me the deaths full of drugs that came up every day, usually with their camera.
We decided to make a little experience with the metaphors. This is the method.
It's going on.
They had 32 different kinds of different.
We took a little bit to do it, right at the end of the state.
We put out there of six dreams, or about 24 different beings, and we looked at two things -- first of all, what is the case that people were willing to stop the metal metal of the metaphor?
More people were left when there was 24 percent, that when there was only six percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a metaphor of metaphor.
Here we find the opposite effect here.
And so they were found when there were 24 -- only three percent was going to buy metaphor.
And so what they found when there were six -- we saw 30 percent.
If we do the cars, the people had six times more likely to buy them if they found six -- that if they were 24.
Well, I will decide that we didn't have a system that we would probably be able to make us, less is good to connect the line -- but it turns out that the problem of choices of choices will affect us in a good traditional decisions.
We decided not to decide -- even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day is the end of the end of it.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Green Harvard, Excuse Kanda and Bertie Japan, where we look at the decisions on the supply of about a million Americans -- from about 500 planets of this country.
And we were interested in looking at if the number of different forests are available to survey, the Prompter program to the people to save for the future.
And we found that I really had a correlation.
We had 14 planets that were from two -- to 14 different choices.
And we found that the bigger the number was the number of open finances, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extraordinary, we see that in the planets that are going on two first, the rate rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would like.
And in the plants that they get out of about 60 degrees -- the rate rate was going to be about 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decided to pay -- when there are more choices -- even in that case, there are negative conditions.
So for the ones that they decided to be, how much bigger it was the number of choices -- more people were able to avoid the action.
In the time there would be more choices -- they were more willing to invest in the financial manufacturers of market.
But no one of these strange decisions are the ones that we would have to have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the
In the decade we have seen three main negative consequences in the order of the more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision -- that they put it up even when this is going on against the top of the Internet.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in the end and in the health.
They are more likely to pick up less satisfaction, even though it goes better.
The main reason is that we are going to look at that variety of morning -- moving, video and metaphor, but we are not able to do the cameras to share it, to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out and choose that experience of that.
Today, I want to put you four simple techniques that we have sends, in a way or another, in different research.
The first is, Community.
You have heard before, but it has never been more than today, that less is more.
People are always moving when I say, "Look at "Mom."
They care about losing space in the atmosphere.
But actually what we're looking at most of us is that if you decided to go out, you will get out of the strange options -- there will be an increase in the signals -- they will get a better experience in the choice.
So when I was Professor Fing Fing 1980 different types of Hillary Steve Steve to 15 -- you saw an increase of 10 percent of virus.
So when you have Carriet Carriel plants the products for cats that you can see, they were brought up the uses in 75 percent, for two cards, and very much more corrections.
And you know that the supports of today, in the average they are going to get up to 45 percent.
And in a state of Washington, you get about 100 percent.
But the most large thing in the current world is Albert and it turns out only 14 products -- a kind of talent southern shoes.
In the world, I think that one of the best examples that have come up about how to make better choices is the planet of David Langlas, the program of Harvard.
All of the Harvard explosions are increased to a sense of life.
As they really want to choose -- they give them 20 fingers, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
All of them are important options."
And the first thing I do is to ask the employees, "Let's tell me the differences that are between those choices there.
And if your jobs can't be different, you can't do their careers."
This later, before I started this situation, I was talking to Gandhi.
He said to me that it would be willing to offer the people of this audience with a little bit.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give up a surgeon if you are ready to take the opposite of Galaxy.
(Music surveys: All right.
Are they isn't it?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a train.
Who is ready for that voice?
I think it actually takes more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first roof, that in the second one, but I can get up and say they thought that the second time was more real.
Because the images were going to be more real.
This brings me to the second techniques to make the problem of the option of choices that is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices -- they have to understand the consequences of every choice -- and that the consequences have to feel very likely to be very likely to feel very likely to feel very complicated.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in the average when you use the destiny cards or creativity, that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that it looks more real -- it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Steve Benjamin and South Princeton, about Person Personal -- that they were working in India, these people were in a meeting in which they were accomplished to a pill plant.
At that point, we think about exactly how we used -- we did a little advance.
And what we learned was that we put into the personal people who would think about the positive things that are going to happen in their lives if they would save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the 20 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in save or what they wanted to put in their surgery in the surgery of four percent.
The third technique is Charles.
We can get more expensive than choices that we can do.
For example, this is a study that we did in a storyteller of records.
And we saw that in the surgeons of the corner of the edge of the northern right, the experience of records can get from 38 different types to 1850.
But you know?
Because it tells me how to do it to you.
These are two theories of the boxes.
One is called "Japanese and the other one, "Second."
If you think of the left of the left is San and the right of the right is Jack, you get a paradigm.
(Music surgery." Well, there's some one.
If you think of the left of the left is Jack and the right of the right is San, you have a paradigm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left of the left is Jack and the right is Steve. But you know what?
And this kind of character is completely interacting.
The cars have to figure out something who choose -- not that the definition is.
You often look at this problem with those huge labs of funds.
What are they interviewed?
My fourth career, connecting the complexity here.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than we think, if we just have a little bit.
We have to increase the whole complexity of it.
I'm going to show you an example of what I want to say.
Let's look at a very complicated decision -- the buy of a car.
So this is a little bunch of cars that allow us to think about it.
You have to take 60 decisions to make the car.
And these decisions are going to go in the number of choices that make each one.
You know, colleagues out of the car -- I have five possibilities.
Mountain, film of changes -- four choices.
What I'm going to do is look at the order in which the decisions are.
So half of the colleagues are going to go out of a lot of choices -- six colleagues -- to a few cars, for a few boxes.
The other half of the colleagues are going to go out of a few choices -- four cars, to six colors, a lot of options.
And what am I going to look at it?
So what do you think about you.
If you go up with the bottom of the definition in every decision in every decision -- this means that you're advanced, or you are losing them.
We found that the ones that go from a lot of choices to a few of us to be able to have a distance for the definition over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, you get there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to get the order in which the information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to collect.
Even though the box of changes are not saying anything about the pressures of the inside device, in all ways to choose to choose us.
We are excited about a product that we're building now is now more excited with the process.
To come back.
I've been talking about four techniques to measure the problem of the option of options, Commonal, coming up with the wrong animals, controlled, to do it real -- Charles, we can be able to make more careers with less choices -- to get the complexity out.
All of these techniques that I've been given you were designed to help us get the alternatives, or better for you, to use them in their issues -- or for people who are going to be.
It is that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful to the control.
And the more critical we are in our cells better we can produce the art.
Thank you very much.
In the 1970s, in the United States, if you had a machine to write it to the government.
And I had to reduce an example of example of example with the machine.
And this is so that the government could be able to break up the order of the television.
If you found a written with the right message you could be able to be able to go up to the order of the idea.
In the West we didn't think that somebody could do this, so much that this is going to be able to look at it.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2009, if you buy a little bit of a huge collection of any big face and you put a page -- that page will end up having a little bit of particular yellow passions in every page that you get a pattern that makes you care of you and your implication.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to get a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens of us.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in the line we can add the cars in your archives.
There are three main groups.
They are the college.
As the Simulation.
The mobile cell is very easy to understand it.
These guys make money.
They use the cards to make a lot of money, and so on.
There are actually a lot of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of money with their architects.
This is Randon Tradition, from Town, State.
This is Albert Google.
This is Steve War.
This is Boston Steven.
These are Mars Andrew Allen, Take Allan and so on.
These guys do their forests in line, but they do it by the middle media by the balloon traditions to collect money in the money when we buy in line -- or they collect our key to get information in our cards when we buy in a computer computer.
The secret service of the United States -- two months ago, collaborate the surgeon of this theory, San Japan, and this thought had 14 million dollars when it was collected.
The Simulation.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is violent from a thought than a real crisis.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be bad at work.
In the future, most of the companies will happen in line.
The second group of activists in important that we see today is not moved by the money.
There is another thing that moving them, they move the proteins -- they move the pressures, they are moving them down the risks.
groups like Americans have developed in the last 12 months coming up with a paper in the line in the line.
Those are the three main architects, the creatures that do for money, the distances like Americans who do it to protect and the last group are the national states that are attacked.
And then we see cases like Denmark.
That's a good example of government against their own citizens against their own cities.
Denial is a corruption of conservative Country, or actually it was.
And I decided that the last ocean because of a standard.
They had the security of the site and they were able to get a shoe.
So last week I asked her, in a meeting with the hospital government, I asked one of the leaders if they were able to put the death of people in the car to Delhi to Denmark.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from a architect of this?
Design is a correctly correctly angel.
They sell consumers.
Why are the correlations?
Well, you need if you have a website with a website -- services self-scale, services like Germany.
And I know that they have a surgery correctly analyzing.
And that they are able to be able to be able to.
And in the case of saying exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Prime and those things that have happened for example, for example, in Europe?
Well, in Europe, the subjects came up with the head of the secret power of 2011, and during the amount of the building, they found a lot of paper.
And between those paper was this career that was the strategic statement.
And within that career there were noticed of a company with Germany that had been sold by the government of the TED event to interact a great scale of the citizens of the country.
They had been sold this tool for 120 dollars to the Editor government.
The company of the company is right here.
Or it is, the Western governments are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to do this to their citizens to do this.
But the Western governments are also doing this.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, I found a couple of weeks old, a transport used by the order of the food government to invest in their own citizens to invent their own cities.
If you are sitting in a critical case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested in.
But today it's beyond there.
You get the connection to the Internet.
They will use even tools like the training surgeon to influence our computer with a training to allow us to see all the communication -- and listen to the lines in line to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks like something bad -- but I don't really affect me because I'm a home.
Why would you worry about that?
I have nothing to continue?
And that argument doesn't have sense.
It is in play.
The pressure is not distributed.
This is not a question of the pressure against the security of the security of the safety of the security against security of the security of the safety of the safety of the safety of the safety of the safety of the safety of the safety of the safety of the security against the security of the security.
It's about the freedom against control.
If we could trust in our governments today in 2009, any right that we will have today, to be forever.
Are we going to go up in any future government in a architecture that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live in, I live in Kenya, in the side of the National National Park.
These are the vaccines of my dad -- in the way, and behind the vaccines, the National Park of North.
The National National page is not close to the most part of the sun -- which means that natural animals like the colleagues are filled out of the wall.
And you know, you know, like the laws -- you know, and this is what they do.
They kill our gas.
This is one of the ones who were killed by the night, and as soon as we put up in the morning and we found it very bad because it was the only thing that we have.
My community, mathematics, we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to get them, and that's why we value them.
And so I grew up a lot to the read of them.
They look at them are war that they protect our community and the shark, and they are also put with the problem.
And so they kill laws here.
This is one of the six laws that killed in Namibia.
I think this is why there are so few in the National Park Park.
A child in my community, in the age of the age of nine to nine years old, it's responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to be used -- because I thought I thought the read would tell them.
But I realized that actually this doesn't be, because it even helped the lessons to look at the lab of far.
I don't get me up.
A second idea was to use a speech.
I was trying to put the lessons for you to believe that I was close to it.
But the laws are very smart --  They saw the first day and they saw the first day and they came out, but the second day, but the second day, they went back and they said, it's always here.  So they came up and kill animals.
So one night I was walking around the state with a stream and that day the laws didn't video.
I found that laws are afraid of the light that is moving up.
So I had an idea.
And I got a picture with the thing that I'm going to learn and play the light.
And this is a little full of a rock line.
I love everything.
And as you can see, the solar power came up with the white and the battle to the small box to the small box to the small box -- I call it a transformation.
And the white box makes the lights come down.
As you can see, the bees go out there, because that's where the laws come from.
And that's how you see it when you come from night.
The lights come up and put the lessons for you to think I'm walking on the state, but I'm playing in my own.
Thank you.
So I put them up in my house two years ago, and since then, we never went back to have problems with reading them.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One of them is about this grandmother.
And she had been killed a lot of animals and I asked me if I could put the light.
I said yes.
You can see it -- you can see the bottom -- these are the lights to read them.
Since then, I've been interested in seven houses in my community and they're seeing a lot.
And my idea is also used now by all, to go to other designers as a storytellers, leaders, and it's also being used to be used to support the free electrons.
Thank you to this invention -- I had the way to get a battery in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn Internet, and I'm very excited to you.
And my new school is now helping us to get together and consider.
I even took my friends to my community and we put light on the house in the house that they don't have it, and I teach them how to put them.
So one year ago, it was just a child in the printed parks of my father.
And here I go.
I got the opportunity to come back in the first time to TED.
My great dream is to be able to be engineering and present when I grew up.
I used to go to the laws -- but now as my invention is saving the values of my dad and the laws -- we can be with the laws without any conflict without any conversation.
And so I was in my language. What I mean, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine the exciting thing that is to listen to a story like the other.
So I got a bank. Richard Tower, yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical institutions.
What's the next in your list?
RB: My next invention is, I want to make an electric close -- CA: A close electronic?
RB: I know that they already invented the electric close -- but I want to do the me.
CA: I tried to try it once again, right?
We're going to go into every single single step that you do, friend me.
Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up and I grew up with a song called "No survival not?
And I felt very proud to me.
In school, we went up all the time studying the story of Kanda Internet, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America came out of the South, Japan are the energy.
Even though I sometimes asked me about the rest of the world, I thought that I would spend all my life in North America, until it all changed from it.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public event.
But I thought my life in North North was normal to me.
My family was not poor and myself had never gone up.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a car of my sister in my sister in my sister in my sister of my sister of my sister in my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister for me.
And he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we have no food.
We are recording together in the floor -- and our bodies are so dangerous.
I was very high.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I was walking in front of the train, I saw something terrible that I can't get out of my memory.
A woman without life was dead in the street, holding a little girl in his arm looking at the face of his mother without power to do anything.
No one would help them, because they were very concerned about taking themselves and their family.
And a huge man went into the North Arab in the middle of the 1980s.
At the end of the end of a million Americans died during the hand, and only a few of them were going to be able to eat particularly, insects and training correct.
They also became more and more free to the energy, all of me around the night was completely down in the night on the night of the sea in China, just by growing the river from my house.
I always asked me why they had light.
So this is a picture of the North Country in the night in the night compared with the new countries.
So this is the Arab risk, which is the limit between the North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very close in certain points -- allow us to go up with North Northern.
But many die.
Sometimes I looked at the body in the river in the ground.
I can't reduce the details of how it came out of the North College, but I can only say that for the years, I was sent up to China to live with a little bit of them.
But I just thought it would be survived from my family for short time.
I could never have thought I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a normal research.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult -- but it also dangerous because the normal researchers in China were considered improved improvisations.
And so I was living with a convinced fear that my identity was represented, and it would be replaced to a very difficult destiny of the North College.
One day, my worst street was done -- when I went back by the Chinese police and they invited me in the police structure.
Some of them had been surprised by being normal -- then they took my skills in the Chinese language and made me a lot of questions.
I was a love.
I thought my heart was going to explore it.
If you didn't seem natural -- it could be straight and dependent.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I got to control my emotions and tell the questions.
At the end of the interview an office he said to another, "This was a favorite experiments. She's not not?
And they let me go. It was a mile.
So some normal news in China are looking at the strangers in the strangers in the bottom.
But a lot of you can be brought up by the Chinese police and desperately.
These women had a lot of surgery.
Even though they were carrying them out, they were an eventually freedom after an international principles.
These Americans did not have so much surgery.
Every year, there are normal normal anti-number in China and dependent on the North Country, where they are.
Even though I went up in self-consider, many other Americans haven't had so much surgery.
It's transportation that Americans have to hear their ideas and fight so hard only to survive it.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can be able to be able to be able to get in a instrument.
This is why I was about 10 years of listening to my identity -- I've decided to go back to the South South South South.
And I started a new life again.
I was going to go in the South South College was a much larger challenge of what I hope.
And the English was very important in South South, I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and Sun.
We are all correlations, but in front of it, we've come to be very different because of 60 years of distance.
Even an idea of ideas.
Are I surrounded or normal note?
Where am I talking about? Who am I doing?
Of course, there was no country that I could call it with a character me.
And even though I was going to bring up the life in South South the South South it was not easy, I started a plan -- I began to study for the increase of the University to the universe.
Just when I started to give my new life, I got a call called a stream.
The North Arabic architects in North interviewed some money that sent my family, and as a corner, my family was going to be starting to the force to the force in the outside of them.
They had to be able to get out of it.
And so I started to plan how to help them go out.
The North have to travel long differences on the way to freedom to freedom on it.
It is almost impossible to go up with the front of the North and South South South.
So, I took a fly back to China and I went up to the fragment with the North College.
Because my family could not talk about, I had to get them up, in some way, for more than three miles through China and then through the South Arabic.
The journey was taken up a week, and we almost went up with several times.
Once again, our cars was discovered and accepted by an office of China.
I was asked by all of all, and he started to ask them questions.
As my family couldn't understand China, I thought my family was going to be added.
When the Chinese office came up to my family, I was able to get my family, and I told him that they were particularly straightforward that I was putting up.
I looked at me, but I really believe me.
We did all the way to the favor of Latin.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to get up to the free galaxies in Lades.
But even after I went out of the free, my family was advertised and depending on growing up the face of it.
After I pay muscles and substances, my family was freedom in a month.
But at the time, my family was advertised and depending over again in the capital of Latin.
This was one of the most low points in my life.
I made all of my family.
I was and I came between the office office and the police structure of the police and I was trying to deal with my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more regions or muscles.
I lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man to say, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a neuroscience would be able to ask you.
With my poor English and with a slide -- I would tell him the situation -- and without drawing, the man was to the automatic card, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Americans and they would give them a principle.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me.
I'm not helping you, he said to me.
"I'm helping you to the normal poor.
I realized that that was a similar moment in my life.
The negative neighborhood contact a new hope for me and for the normal village when we needed it.
And I showed that the bank of the neurons and the support of the international community are really the reasons of hope.
With the time, after our long journey -- my family and I got back in South South South.
But to get their freedom is just half the battle of the screen.
A lot of Americans are selected from their families and when they go back to a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So we can benefit in the international community with education, property of the English language.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside the North and the rest of the world.
Because a lot of us are going on with families still still -- and we put information and money and money that is helping us change the North from the North system.
I have been very lucky -- I've got a lot of help and inspired in my life, and so I want to help us give you a chance to be able to be able to put in international support with.
I'm sure they are going to see more and more normal and more normal to transform all over the world, including the TED stage in the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Congo.
So this is Central Stephen, and you have a little bit of destinations, and you have a lot of fact, you have failed food.
And so the plants of the city got together and they thought, we're going to change the name of Central Congo to represent something else -- so they changed them to the Alice Alice, as if this is actually really wrong in the city.
So this is the Alice Alishanians --  You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know,
And as well as 24 million other Americans -- living in a food, the Allan Color College, to have the footprint of the food places to get and eat in the car.
The wrong thing is that the food places to get more people in the car.
People are moving out of heart diseases in the United Nations in South Antarctica.
For example, the rate rate in my window is five times bigger than say, let's say Hillary, which is like 15 miles of difference.
I was able to see that this happened.
And I asked me, how do you feel if you didn't have access to health food, and if every time you go out of how you see the effects that the food food system has in your neighborhood?
I look at cars of companies and selling them as a used car.
I look at control controls like Steven.
And I think this has to stop it.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem and it's the solution.
And then I have been able to be able to get four minutes to go up and go back to buy a contract that doesn't have presents.
What I did, it was to put a food forest for my house.
In a piece of land that we call a garden.
It's about 45 feet of me.
The point is, it comes to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I was going to come back to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
This is how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, Liberia. Great Green, and we started to put our food forest -- fractions, frankly, you know, the nine completely complex things.
What we do, we are a kind of a group of particular partnership by all the properties of all of the processes, from all the city and completely volunteer, and everything we do is gravity.
And he was beautiful.
And then somebody gets up.
The city came up with me, and I got up to me and they gave me a career telling me that I had to reduce my garden, the cartoon was made by a solar organ.
And I said to me, "You know, right?
A global order to put food in a piece of land than no one important?  And so I was like, "Well, I'll go back to it.
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
Laden had the story written by Steve London, and I talked to the colleague and one of the members of World Green, that they put a performance in China, with 300 films, we were a success.
We had the violence in our hands.
My collection even called it to say that they came up and take what we were doing.
I mean, you know, why isn't it?
LG: It's the city of the United States with the most graduate terrorist.
It has 14 miles of the balloon terrorists.
That is about 20 percent Canada Park.
That is enough space to put 250 million plants in terms of time.
Why do you do not look good about this?
You can take a plan to give you a thousand -- you know, you know, you know, you know, a little bit to give up a thousand seconds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of result to you.
It's my story, when I say to people, you take your own food.
It will grow your own food is how to make your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Congo Sun.
I grew up there. I grew my children there.
I remember a part of this way that it was made up to me for others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm art.
The garden is my graph, I culture my art.
It's like a graphic artist -- which is supposed to be parallel, I would be surgery, gas.
I use the garden, the land as a piece of light, and the plants and the trees and the trees are my selection of that language.
They would be surprised to see what the Earth can do if you let it look like it.
You can't just imagine the amazing thing that is a colleague and how to people.
What happened?
I am a territory of how my face became a tool of education, of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the compassion of the land.
We are the Earth.
They would be surprised to see how they affect the kids.
The garden is the most terrible and public act that you can do -- especially in a college.
And also, they get free.
I remember an ocean, who came up with a mother and his daughter -- they were like 60 percent of the night and they were in my garden, and they were going to look very literally.
I said, well, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a right.
I felt to see the people who were so close to me with human, and this only means why I do this, people ask me, "Hey, you don't have the people who are going to play your food?
So what I say, "Why do God no, I don't have a fear that you go to roller."
For that is in the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to take your health.
There was another thing that I put a garden in a record in the center of the Alis College.
They were these guys who helped me get out the way.
It was fascinating, and they share his stories about how this had happened and how they used to plan with his mom and his grandmother, and it was easy to see how this changes it, so it was just for a moment.
And so thank you guys have come to put maybe 20 gas.
We've had -- like about 50 people who come from, they work and participate, all of them in the flying planet.
If the kids are able to get up, the kids are going to eat it.
If you take terrorists, you will eat terrorists.  But if nothing of this is taught you -- if you don't teach them how the food does the mind and the body, they eat the blind to the people who put them in front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they are accurately. I see kids of color that are in this way designed for them, that I don't take them to any side.
With the garden, I see an opportunity in which we can go into these kids that are involved from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who know?
Maybe you produce the next George Warring Carter.
But if we don't change the compassion of the Earth, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my planets, this is something I want to do.
I want to put a whole bunch of gas, where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take you up and turn it into health careers.
I don't get me.
I'm not talking about free things, because it's not surprising.
The wrong thing about surface, is that you have to get it.
So what I talk about is to be able to work to people, to take the kids out of the street, that you know the free, the origin and the honor to grow their own food, open markets from articles.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sex here.
And I want you all to become engaged engineers, some of them goes up with seconds.
We have to change the war of what one is.
If you're not a galaxy, you're not a second.
What do you do is that the seconds are going to take the street?
And that is the electronic article.
If you want to turn with me, well, if you want to look at me, you don't call me if you want to sit in the course of the course and you have to talk to you to do some legs, to talk to you about doing some of them.
If you want to look at it, you go to the face with your word so that you can put something.
Patric. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience management."  You probably will be able to agree with me in which this is a very nice card.
It's made of speech, and the spinal is a good material to control, but not always -- especially not in days as today, in which it takes a lot.
You can have a great amount of water in the audience that you get out.
And especially if you go together in your biology and these cars go through that is not very good.
In addition to be able to do a lot of rich.
It's a right material and if we build careers, like in the countries -- very close to cities -- we wanted a silent career.
So the solution for that is to make a little bit.
So the particular speech, a material that we use now in most of the countries of the countries of the countries of the United States -- has posters and the water can go through it, so all the water water will go into the side and have a career which is easy to get up, and they will not save water.
The noise is also going to be able to get up in these patients.
Because it is very strange, all the face to do -- so it is a very similar card.
It also has demonstrations, of course, and the definition of this career is that you can get rid of it.
What is it? You see that in this face of the surface of the surface you get out.
First of all, then several more and more and more and more, and so on.  And then you can do that.  But you can give it your partners, and you will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more data.
Sometimes they can create banks with that.
There it is.
Back, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the day it looks like.
It's a little bit like I said, as I said, you just have a little amount of air between the pieces.
It's because of the tradition, the legal light to the extra light -- the openness, this ball, the picture between the risks, and if you focus on it, you will be able to be missing and you will be supposed to be surrounded.
So if you go through the card, you will take the advanced, as you saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think about supporting materials.
If we can make this material survive, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use a lot of therapy -- in that to clean up, and we can cut the line on a very small protection in very small properties, and we can measure those little pieces with the balloon.
And so we have a little bit with small landscapes of light on it.
Then you need a machine -- like you see here, you use to get to come up, a computer machine.
The industry can be carefully, especially the air, is very good at that.
And so what you have to do is take the air, depending on the basis -- the basis will flow through these drugs and the legs will be going back to the surface.
And I use a piece of microscopes, because I can't bring the big machine here in the stage here.
The horror of microbes is a similar system.
I put the shows -- I'm now going to go to see what happened.
This is the show that goes out now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab in order to heat the shows of the lab.
We tried a lot of shows there, and then the government -- they actually saw our results and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try to try it.
So they gave us a piece of career, 400 feet of the American stream, where we had to do a standard car to test this material here.
So that was what we did there -- you see where we were doing the test at the way, and then, of course, this car will take a number of years without any day. That's what we know about the property.
We take a lot of shows from this career and we test them in the lab.
We made the shows -- we put a lot of face in them, we put them up with our computer machine and we get them back and we went back to it.
We can reduce this many times.
Well, to say, I can tell you that we've done a material using a matter by using these films, including these fights, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the rate of the car, even they can play the life of the surface -- it really will save a lot of money with very simple trains.
And now, of course, they have curious if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty heat here.
In fact, you have to focus first before I can show you how it comes to the research.
But I'm going to do an attempt to do it.
Let's look at it. Yes, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound of the side in my house.
My father was listening to Bill New New Green radio.
I had a great superconductor in his face that was instrumental in those time, because the news.
"The shoes were fighted, I got my father.
I didn't know what it was, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"I know you can go to a real school, he told me.
One morning I never forget about.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old, when the tables came out of Afghanistan and they made that kids were to school.
For the next five years, I came to me as a child to fight my older sister -- that I couldn't be used to go out to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could get them up.
Every day, we had a different list so that no one could support where we were going on.
We had to hear the books in the market of the market so that it seemed like we were compared.
The school was in a house, more than 100 percent of us in a little room.
It was a nice thing in the invention -- but it was extremely happy to see it.
We all knew that we add our lives, the teachers and our parents and our parents and our patients.
Instead of when the school, the school came up for a week, because the tables were supposed.
We always ask us what they knew about us.
Are they going on.
Do you know where we live in.
We were active, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was approached and the kids a team.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total income of a recording version of Afghanistan Arabic, India in that his son, my mother, went to school, and so his father was reminded.
But my mother came up with a strategy.
This is it.
It will go back two years ago, just to become our house in school for children and women of our neighbors.
And my father -- this is the first one of his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their kids had to get education, even their kids, to stop the stores, to stop the risks of the risks to get out of the risks to get out of the risk.
For him, there was a greater risk in not to choose their children.
For the years, I remember that there were times that I was very familiar by our life and he was always survived and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to go up, but my father said, "Hey, I said, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can run your money. You can be able to leave your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So, you still want to continue?
I have 25 years now.
I grew up in a country that has been designed by war.
less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the balloon, and if my family had not been so excited with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I found me here today to get me up in Men Congress in Minister.
When I went back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother -- which was taken out of his home for the ability to focus on his kids, was one of the first to get out of the first to have a fear of the first to have been able to get out of the first of them.
He didn't only get my university out of my college trial, but also that I was the first woman -- and I'm the first woman, which I took it up by the streets of Kanda.
My family believe in me.
I go out in large -- but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global track of 1975, a global field to focus on women.
This is why I put Solo, the first and maybe the only private school for children in Afghanistan -- a country where it's still risk for kids going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the strong desire to take the opportunity.
And I look at their parents and their families that, as you know, you get them up for them, and you go up and even in front of you in front of the destruction.
As America. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face -- but Anderson is the father of one of my students ...
less than a month ago, he and his daughter were in the way from Solo to his village -- and literally they were able to be killed by a boat in the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you are the phone -- a voice will tell you that if I was going to send his daughter to school, they would go back to it.
"My morning, if you like, he said, but not give the future of my daughter for his old and straight ideas."
So what I've given you from Afghanistan -- and it's something that is very forget in the West -- is that behind most of those who are transportative, there is a father that I recognize the value of their daughter and you see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are actually the first consequences of the future content of their children, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan -- we need the support of men.
On the table, the kids who went to school they get in hundreds of it, remember, it was a clear.
But today, more than three million children go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the U.S.
I find that Americans see the factory of change.
And I think these changes don't have a lot of a lot of the United States of the U.S.
But when I came back to Afghanistan -- when I look at the students in my school and his parents who are playing for them, that they get them up for them, I see a future future and a corruption change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and positive possibility -- and every day the children of Solo will remember it.
As me, they have a big one.
Thank you.
I never forget the words of my grandmother that died in the exploration, "Hey, Report to Galaxy.
But you never get a result of the "The "The Galaxy."
They have spent almost two years since I got the linear revolution in the subjects of the most massive revolution as much as the environmental revolution as the Egypt.
A force with a lot of other free citizens in the country and out of the country to call one day and start a revolution against the Sea Sea region.
And we did it, it was a great revolution of it.
And women and young men were in the vaccine, and they were going to be in the vaccine, exploring the each of us in the restaurant, by paralyzed library, distance and society.
They have shown a value to the destruction of Galaxy from Galaxy.
They have shown a great sense of support from the United States, to the entire, to the sun.
And finally, after a period of six months of the business war and a few of them about 50 dead -- we had to release our country and reach the train.
However, I left a fish forest, a letter legal landscape, resident and search sea.
For four decades -- the head selection of Galaxy designed the information, the culture and the moral structure of the law society.
It comes out of the democracy and the challenges -- I want to do with a lot of other women, to build the civil social society.
They were called about 200 organizations in Benjamin during it, and immediately after the Galaxy of Galaxy.
After a 30-year-old period of exploration, I went back to Liberia and with a unique environment, I started to organize talents about the development of able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
With an incredible group of women we had a lot of women in the Palestinian, a movement of women -- a women of women -- you know, a lot of women -- a lot of women -- to get up by the political accident of the woman and for our right part in the building of democracy and peace.
I was found with a very difficult environment in the present period -- an environment that was getting more politically, which is moved from the political political and excited policy.
With time, our invention was presented and surprise.
The women won a 17 percent of the National Congress in the first choices in 12 years.
However, a little bit of the electrons and the revolution as a everything -- they were dealing, all the days we found news news.
And one day we get up with the news of the next manufacturing of the old mass of the old magnetic medical medications.
Another day with the news of the Americans of the American anticipation and the action to the control.
Another day we get up with the news of the extra officers of the explosion.
And every day, every day we get up with the government of the microbes and their heart continent of the human rights of the pressures and their lack of response to the law.
Our society, they made up by a revolution, and it has become more, and it has gone out of the ideas and the principles of freedom -- distance, distribution, that we had at the beginning.
The intelligence and the self-consider and the energy became the consequences of the revolution of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all.
All right, I'm here today to make us -- as a nation -- we choose wrong -- we take the wrong decision of the wrong decision today.
We don't work well.
Because the choice didn't bring the peace and the self-consider and the security to Liberia.
The list and the authority between cards and cartoons brought peace and recording national recording."
No, they didn't do it.
What happened that?
Why do our society still follow and documented with political political policy and explorers, so much for men as for women as for women as for women as for women.
Maybe what it was was not just women, but the fundamental values of compassion and mission and evolution.
Our society needs the national device and the creation of the most than I needed the choice that they just needed the police and the distance.
Our nation needs the critical revolution of the most than need the most natural and quantum responsibility of it.
We need to stop to act as an income anti-saving and call it to days of it.
We need to start to act as a companies of compassion and mission.
We have to develop a financial device that not only home, but also put in practice in the protection instead of the game, the control instead of the company, the even in place in the energy.
So these are the ideas that a Liberia, which is that you have a library, you need to do with the end of the end of the peace.
Because peace has a surgeon that comes out of intelligence and activity between the family people and the markets.
That is the real thing.
We need to build that in a way that we have to do it in a social way.
And I agree with a version of the College "The "Southern "Second, "The word of the Michellan God, "Modila, company."
At the time, the word "The word is that you know in all the anti-number proteins -- it has the same reason in Arab that the word "missions, supposed to be the family and material -- which is going to go to all the humanity that men and women -- that all of them and all the people have got up.
And so in the same way that the thing is completely the entire, which grew up inside the distribution of compassion in the whole exist.
So this is what it tells us is, "My microbes are going to take all the things.
So this is what it tells us, "My mission is about my grandfather."
So you can all get up the market of mission.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a strange question, which has a very nice answer.
It's about the signals of the social violence and the question I'm going to do is the one that everybody else do is, why is she started?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who would pain?
I'm not a physical, and I am not a social work, and it doesn't experience in social violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I was 25 years old, I just read in the University of Harry.
I had moved to New York City for my first work as a written and education in the search self.
I had my first application, my first green career Arabic American -- and I had a very big sequence of it.
My secret was that many, a lot of times, the man, the man who I created my box beautiful, I was sent to the head with the head with a piece, carried with a little bit of point with balloon.
The man -- when I was more than nobody in this world, I put a role in my head and I went up with making me more times that I can remember it.
And I'm here to tell you the story of "Life "Life, a public article, which is a profit design, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a typical typical of the social violence of it.
I am an English from the University of Harvard and I have a MIT in Mars from the World Boston Chart.
I've spent the most part of my career working for companies of the "Life "Fall, between them John Johnson, Leone Brooklyn and the Washington, Park.
It took almost 20 years ago with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black book and I put a little bit of Harvard Harvard.
So my first message for you is that the average violence can happen to anyone -- all the reasons -- all relationships, all the levels of heart and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that all of you think that social violence happens to women, which is a problem.
Not exactly not exactly it.
More than 80 percent of the markets are men -- and the audience will only happen in the optimistic relationships -- and it turns out in the other way, and they say another way, in the families -- the last place where we wanted or we would hope to find violence -- market by the way that it turns out as distributed.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who was going to be a man who was going to get a man on the world, and actually I was a very typical voice because of my age.
I was 25 years old, and in the United States women in the age of 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be able to be violent violence than the other age, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, non-state and marine manipulations in the United States.
I was also a typical version because I didn't know anything about social violence -- their search signals or their patterns in their patterns.
I met it in a cold and she had a short night of energy.
I was sitting to my side in New York City and began to go up with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also going to read from a University of the Lester Leader and I worked in a very important basis of World State.
But what I was interested in in that first found was that it was ready and fun and it seemed like a field of the field.
And I had a lot of big markets like table, and it looks like a shark book and it seemed so draw.
One of the most smart things that he did Congo, from the beginning was to create the image that I was the computer company of the wall.
He did it all over the beginning of the beginning in a piece.
We started coming out and I loved all of me, which was ready -- that I had gone to Harry, that I was going to be able to help kids say, and my work.
I wanted to know it all about my family, my infection, my dream and implications.
I built up in me, as a written and as a woman, like nobody had done it.
And it was why I read it in that school school and the work in Washington, and his future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first photograph in any social violence is to sit up and do it to the voice.
And I didn't know that the second step is to do it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave the work of my dreams -- but I thought I had to do satellites for your wall -- so I said, I left my work and I went up and I went together with Mars.
I had no idea that I was going on in a "Lean "Lean, which was trying to go from his head in a physical paradigm, financial and public public printer.
The next step in the police pattern is to increase the act of violence to see how it is.
And here is where they go into the access of the sports.
In the time we moved to New England you already know, that site where I was supposed to feel so sure that I had to be so safe to buy three systems.
One was in the galaxy of the car.
Another guy under the atmosphere in our bed and the third always in his boat.
And he said that I needed those systems to cause the training that I live in a little career.
I needed them to feel safe for it.
But those systems were actually a message for me, and even though I had never been given me the hand, my life was already in a dangerous series -- every single single day.
The first physical act of Congo happened five days before our box.
It was the seven of the morning and I still had to get the site.
Five days later, when the 10 mountains of my challenge had gone up, I put my mother from my mother and my mother with him.
And despite what had happened -- I was sure we live happy for always -- because I loved and he also wanted a lot.
And I was very, very advanced.
He had just felt very connected by the bottom and the fact to form a family with me.
It had been a straightforward action, and I never would make me day.
I spent two times more in our middle of it.
And the first time I was connected to a secret ball and I thought, and he gave me so strong in the head that I remember several times against the car of the car.
And then a couple of days later, I was coming back from our military line, and it would put up by the training and I would take a Big Mars down to the face.
I went up with one or two times a week for the next two and a half years.
I was written when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is violent of the dominant violence or an act in some of their life, and the center of control control that every year about 15 million children are marketed, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
So I went back to my question, why do I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was trying to me.
At the time, I was a very strong woman who was a very strong woman who was a very strange man, and it was the only person in the world who could help me go into his details.
The other question that everybody else does is, why does it just be shown?
Why did I not know? I could have gone at any time.
And for me this is the highest question and doctors that makes people, because we all know -- we know something that normally you would say, is incredibly dangerous to go into a magnetic.
Because the last photograph in the local violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the authorities in the course of local violence happens after the violence has been finally end up to the relationship after showing -- because then it doesn't have anything to lose it.
Other resources include the perfect act -- even after the audience has come back to them, even after the audience has come back to career, even after the training system of the family system to bring the violence and their children, which are usually obsessed by the subsidies to spend time with the man that I would put to his mother.
And we still keep asking why it just doesn't get it?
I was able to go to me, and I was able to go out of a very last speech that came up with my negative.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed you if you had allowed it.
So I brought up the situation.
I met it all around the world, to the police, to my friends, to my friends and family -- and I'm here today, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tend to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get substantial women.
The question, "Why do you stay?
For some people is a way to say "The car is to be able to be the party of the course, as if the voices we choose to get out of men who want to get rid of men that they want to get in.
But since he published "Life "Life, I've heard a few of the stories of men and women who were also going to be able to have a huge lesson of what happened to them and they get their lives up and happy their lives and happy as employees, wife and mothers completely free of violence -- like me.
Because it turns out that I really am a voice and a very typical violence of a very typical violence of it.
I went back to me with a young man, and we have those three children.
I have that black book, and it also got that military.
What I'm not going to go back to have never more -- it is a little bit of a care to my head in hands of somebody who says I want to me.
At this point, you are thinking, "Hey, that's fairly failure, or "Hey, what does it start to be -- but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
And I tell you that there are a few people -- that you're listening to me right now, that they're being wrong or that they were from small or that they are used themselves.
The scale could be associated to his daughter to his sister to his best friend right now.
I was able to be able to be able to put my local love love by making the system.
And I keep doing it today.
This is my way to help other voice, and it is my last performance to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The property would just put on the situation.
They have the power to be able to be able to be able to have the social violence just by bringing light on it.
The voices we need all over the world.
We need each one of you to understand the signals of the social violence.
They get the landscape to the light talking about it with his kids, their friends of work, their friends and family.
They remember their vision of the survival as fantastic and factors, which have a future future.
And they have the next few weeks of violence to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up and show you the virus of a safe way.
Some of us can turn our eyes, our table and our families in the safe and patients that should be.
Thank you.
Man: I call me Rome Robert, and for a time, I am model.
In order to be pressure for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this moment there is a tendency in the room because I should not have seen it like this.  And so, I have come back to change.
This is the first change in a TED, so you have a lot of free to think about it, I think.
If a few of the women have done when it comes back, they don't have to do it now, but I will find it later in Earth.
I also want to figure out that I have the pressure of power to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds of it.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These cards are very incredibly, less than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to go through the head, because it is when you're going to stay out of me, so you don't do anything as I got your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been purely.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The application is powerful -- but as well.
I've changed what they thought about me in six seconds in six seconds.
And in this picture, there was never had a note in real life.
I was totally invisible and the photograph told me that I would go up and I was going to take the head of the girl.
Of course, I went up with surgery or an artificial brother that I made me two days ago for the work, there are very little that we could do to transform our aspect -- which even though it has a great impact in our lives.
So today, to me, it will be a real thing.
I'm in this stage because I'm model.
Because I'm a beautiful woman and white -- and in my favorite sector -- that is to be a sex guy.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always make me, but in the way.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say, a cartoon I found me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason why I made me model is because they won the genetic line, and I'm the benefit of a hero, and maybe you're asking what this human is.
Well, in the last few century we have not only defined beauty as health and self-scale, which is that we are biology, which we are biologically programmed to address -- we also have been associated to a high amount of factory, to the family and a white skin.
And that is my hero, heroic that I've been able to do to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that are now supposed to be scale, and maybe there are some people in the way they say -- I hope -- there are National, Tim, John Steven, Liberia William.
First of all, the happiness to know so much of models -- it's amazing.
But I finally have to tell you that in 2009, a student of the University of New York was told all and each of the models in the car, and in the 17th modern models -- only 24 -- I just say, less than four percent -- they were not black.
The next question that people are always doing is, could you be model when it is more of it?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a close heart restaurant -- which would be impossible, because it would be the first one.
If you go from this particular list -- you still go in, no, no, no, Christ, I want to be model -- then I tell you, I know my brain.
Because I'm not going to come out of anything, and you could be the reaction of the research of the United States or the HIV control or the next San Menison.
I will say that more of you want to be model is like saying that you want to get on the ground when you are bigger when you are.
It's out of your control -- it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose it.
I'm going to show you all of what I learned in 10 years as a model -- because unlike the heart surgery, it can come right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Foreign, once you've ever heard your students, and you have a corruption and a few work to your stars, you will not matter what you say, if you say that you want to be present from the United States -- but your corruption said, "You know, you have a mortality model for 10 years, people will look at you.
The next question that people always make me is if all the pictures are recorded.
And yes, you probably get up all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
So this was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have to have even my person.
I know we're going into the personal theory, but it was a child.
And so I went up with my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a picture of a few days before the pictures for the French Valley.
So here I am with my free team and at the recent record.
And this is me.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me.
They are created by a group of protection, microscopes, magnets, magnets, and all of their help and all of their help and people and participation, and they have to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, you get things from green?
I have too many of them and I have never used it, except the couple before, but the price that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Carlo, and once I went to a store and I forget to take money, and they gave me the free video.
When I was a control, I took with my friend who was a collective piece, and he was just a search in red -- and of course, they would get up -- and I was going to go up, and I'm going to be a sense of it to be able to keep controlling.
I enjoy these projects for my personality, not for what I am -- and there are people who are paying a price for their species without matter who they are.
I lived in New York, and the last year, in the 1950s, in the 120,000 dollars that you were going to get to them and record, 80 percent were black and batteries, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 185, black young black men in New York.
So how many times would I be going to go to me, and how many times are I going to do that?
And when I was involved for this talk, I found out that at 32 percent of the children in the United States in the United States, they don't like their body, and that figure goes up to 70 percent to 17.
So the last question that people do is, how is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is, if you're a little bit more delicate, and you have the most beautiful ice and you have to feel very happy.
And behind the cameras -- we give a answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to go back, and also incredible power to work with creative people.
And all of that is true, but it's just one part of what happens -- because what we never say in the cameras -- what I have never said about them -- it is, I'm interviewed.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever asked them, with a little bit more department and the most beautiful, it will be more happy.
They only have to get up with a group of models because they have the most demographic legs -- the most beautiful box and the more to the world, but probably being the most important women on the planet.
But all of it was hard to get a very difficult view of a real application and gender when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to get out of this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognize the power of the image in the approach that we have from the success and the Africa.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was good enough to take a camera -- but today I want to share with you about 15 more primary pictures -- and I wasn't me who I went down.
There was no artistic distributions, no structures, no opportunity to reduce the pictures -- not even a lot of care in the line.
In fact, most of them took them up to the bank.
My story starts in the city of New York to give the New York City to give me a position, my wife took me this picture by holding my daughter in the day of his first parallel. That's the story of the 47 and the five percent.
He gave the quality that we went back to New York right year, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When you get up the third parallel of my daughter -- my wife told me, why don't you take you to New York to New York in a parallel and you get the rate?
So here is when we started to ask the trains that were going to take us out the picture.
It's amazing that the generation of understanding the camera to a complete conservative is so universe.
No one has never been nerve and, unfortunately, no one has been with the camera.
At the time, we were not aware of how much life is going to change this.
It became something wrong for us.
This picture is about a few weeks after the 12 and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day in the way that a five years was able to understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than you have a little bit more than a short moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop the time in a week and make us think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just to physical level, but in all the sense.
Because even though we would always take the same picture -- our perspective change, my daughter would get new stories, and I can see life through their eyes and how people and interact with everything.
That time that we spend together is something that we hope with imagination every year.
In fact, in one of the trains, we were walking up, when you suddenly go down in the room and a surgeon of a red tour of the state of the state that I would take out of small viruses in before.
And I discovered what I had felt about five years of foot in that same place.
I started that I remember his heart heart to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York is university, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create are the remember of them.
So I want to share the idea of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to think of
I don't know you -- but you get out of these 15 photos -- it doesn't go in many of the family pictures of the family.
I'm always the one that took the picture.
Now I want to put you up to all of you in the picture, and you don't get to go to somebody and ask you, you get a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species in the world.
The bees are found in the most advanced group of arms.
First of all, why do they have so bad presentation?
It has also been associated by Delhi residents as a metal characters, the states, the statistics.
More recently, if you've been following the printed printer printer, supercomputers and actions -- these are the authorities that are associated with the Peter Palestinians, but I don't get it.
You don't get it. You know what?
Because the members of the Palestin don't keep the environment --  The parasites don't help to protect the disease.
They are also going on.   They are far away from explorer.  And my favorite -- and my favorite has better pressure.   There are two types of bees in this planet.
There are the benefits of the New world that they find in the America, as the costs and the cards of the old world, where we have 16 species -- where we have 16 species -- at the age of these 16 -- 11 percent of a strange risk of exploration.
So why are the benefits are important. In the first place, they produce visual economic services.
They are our natural brains.
And I read the conditions up to the bones to the top.
They tend to kill all the bacteria -- they tend to add the oxygen that is not going to be because of them to be explored and cause a lot of fast profits and disease in other animals.
recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no boats, the cars take three to four times more time to get up, and this has huge regions in the disease.
The benefits also have huge history.
They've been associated to the ancient cultural culture.
It was the symbol of the product and the mathematician and the market, and along with the colleague, they would have the unit between the Aurose and the United States.
In the HIV microscope, Japan was the dead God -- and then it turns out his life to save the head of the 1990s of 10 Canada heads.
In the head culture -- they have a very important thing between the open street.
What's the problem with the balloon?
We have eight species of bees in Kenya -- which six are in the strange end of extraordinary.
The reason is that they are being engaged, and the reason they are being involved is because there are consequences between humans and factory. The particular communities are using this version against destruction, and as a result, the bees are voices of this.
In the South America, in countries like India and Patients, four species of boats are in the corruption of extra death, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be explored, and the reason is because the reason is because they have been trying to be treated with a antibiotic drug like Defense.
This drug has been presented to use in India in India and have taken a part.
Because there are no boats, there has been a property in the number of street dogs in terms of data, and when you have a very high street dogs -- you have a huge amount of time for rocket -- the number of rate case has been increased in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest power patterns in Africa -- 350 tensions are going to be up from the Turkish Lab.
I'm not against the power energy, but we have to work with governments because the electricity are doing this to the arms. They get them up by half of them.
They are artists of arms.
In Western Africa, there is an amazing company of death boats to be able to go to the black and the market market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're involved to these birds -- we are putting them together.
We're trying to determine their basic economy, and see where they go.
We can see that they go through different countries, so it will focus on a local problem is not going to see anything.
We have to work with governments in the rural levels in the rural level.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about how to apply the bone, about the need to apply these wonderful creatures and the services that they produce them.
So how can you help. It can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do a game to his government and tell them we have to focus on these very profound creatures -- Delhi their time to draw the word to make the word disappear.
When you go out of this room, you're going to be involved about the boats, but you talk to your families with your kids, with your kids, with your neighbors.
They are very choose -- Charles Darwin said that I changed it because I saw them to fly without effort -- without energy in the sky.
Kevin, this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I did and everything I do. My life has been killed for seven years of work for my video in Africa.
So since he's ever ever been 1980, it looks young -- but I'm not going to do it --  I worked in Zaving, Kenya, Kenya, Alice and Sunday, in terms of technology with African countries.
I worked for a NASA NASA and every project that we evolved in Africa.
And I was perfecting.
And I thought, at the age of 21 -- that we were good people and we were doing a good work in Africa.
In place of that, everything we were looking at it.
Our first project, which I inspired my first book, "Do you have a project in the "North Banglade, it was a project in where a little bit, we decided to teach people in Zaban to grow food.
And so we got out with these self-scales to the South National value to this incredibly bad value that I designed to the National River, and we teach the local technologies to grow training training and carbon, and so on.
Of course, people were not really interested in doing that, so we asked them to come to work -- and sometimes they are not going on.  We were amazing that the local freedom, in such a way, they had no architecture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that you might not grow anything -- we just said, thanks to God that we're here --  "What time to save the people in the hand of the hand."
And of course, everything in Africa is completely collecting.
We got these magnetic markets. In Iraq -- a took to grow this size into this size to this way.
And we could not believe it, we were saying to the same, look at the signals, look at the environmental to the entire."
When you take them up with the trains and red and red and red and red and the night at the morning at the morning at the morning, about 200 weeks old, they were taken out of the river and they said,  and we said to the same guys, "God, the methods."
And the families said, "Yeah, that's why we have no adventure here --  "Why didn't they say that? You never asked you.
And I thought that we were just going to do the trains in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did -- what the Americans did -- what they were doing is, and then they did the free, and after looking at what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zaving.
Because as you see, at least we feed the states.
You should look at the demographics.  You should look at the demographics that we give them to people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, he said, "Hey Mary Mars, in the Mall economy.
And the book was published in the 20th century.
In fact, we have gone into the Western continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that that money has come up.
They just read his book.
Ladies from an African woman, the day that we've done.
The Western controls are implications, and we try and treat people just two ways, or we pay them, or we are participations.
The two words come from the parallel rate party, which means "particular."
However, it means two different things.
Patient, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot of many."
Patient, I go to all of a different culture as if they were my surveys.
So the white white is called "Jerson: balloon.
That book gave me a book in the face -- "The small thing is beautiful, I wrote by Seattle, who said about all of all economic development -- if people don't want to be help.
This should be the first beginning of the help.
The first beginning of the help is to answer it.
And this morning, the secret that I opened this conference was put a lot on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that is not neurologically?
I decided to the 24 years to just respond to people -- and I invented a film called the people, and I invented a fact that you never started anything -- you have never got anything -- you have ever moved to nobody -- but it becomes a sustainable of the local passion -- the survival of the local people who have the dream to become a better person.
So what do you do? It's called.
It will never come to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the local.
We don't work from the office.
We get up in a car. We get in a barrier.
So we have no information.
And what do we do? We become a friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing.
You can give you an idea to somebody else.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is going to do you?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for their own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find the knowledge because no one in the world can have success.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge -- but the knowledge is available with it.
So years and years ago, I had this idea -- why not us, for once instead of coming to a community to tell people what to do, why no, at once again, we heard it? But not in the community.
Let me tell you a secret one.
There's a problem.
The employees have never come together, and they will never tell them, in a public meeting -- what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have gone up.
So the plan has this blind point.
In the most intelligent people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public television.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we worked face face -- you have to create a social infrastructure which doesn't exist.
You must create a new protein.
The teachers is the family doctors of the company -- the family of the business -- which is started with you in your house, in the table of your career, in the room, and it helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in hope -- the city of Western America.
I was making a doctor in that time, trying to get out of this battery control where we get to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 24 projects in the market, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I get out and helped them,   So the government says, "Hey again."  We have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of evidence that are moving out of support around.
Penning Drang, one of the most great companies of the story, I went back to 90 years ago.
Penning Drank was a photograph before you invest in the business, and this is what you say Pennington Drug, "The plan is actually an amazing society with a society and an economy of intensive company."
Plant is the full of the death of the company of the company.
And so now you now remember Chris without knowing what people are the most expensive people in God want to do with your own money and your own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to get up with you.
You have to be able to give them conservative, private has to be fantastic to help you, and then they will go back in it.
In a community of 10 people, we got 200 clients.
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, intelligence and passion?
So what do you pay over this morning.
You know, that's what you are able to, that's what you have all supported.
So what I tell you is that the space is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- non-visual forces -- non-virus forms, and from a moment to another, we have systems.
So the Internet business is not surprising.
The way as a way of spending machines is not surprise.
What we have to consider is, is how we forget, we come up, we commit, we communicate seven billion people, in a surprising way.
There is no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution for the universal revolution?
The government government?
It's going to be the employees and they're doing it now.
There is a nice story that you can do in a future, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to develop the future of New York is in the year 1950.
And in the year 1950, it got this group of people -- and I was able to do this group of people who had happened to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conversation was simply, the city of New York is not there in 100 years.
Why? Because they went up and saved, if the population is growing up to this rate -- to bring it to the population of New York to the ages, they would remember six million cars, and the structure produced for six million dollars would be impossible to address.
They were already advanced in strategy.  And so in 1800, they were doing this technology that would make the life of New York.
So what happens here? In the next 40 years, in the United States in the United States, they came up with 100 automatic companies of automotive companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely strange and there were a very few strangers, and they had a lot of factors, and so on.
Design, Mars.
However, there is a secret to work with the employees.
First of all, you have to be able to offer them consumer.
In the other way, they will not come back with you.
Then you have to give them an absolute -- destroyed, service service.
And unfortunately, you will have to tell me the real thing with it.
The smallest company -- the biggest company has to be able to do three matter things, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic -- you have to tell you with a fantastic compassion -- and you have to tell me with a very financial advanced.
You know what?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can be able to see and look for the money.
There is no exist.
This is still not born up.
We have invented and looked at the 100 companies in the world Canada, West, Earth, Earth, all the new companies -- Google Commons.
There is only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one -- no one was taken by one person.
Now the word "May, but the word "Well, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started it.
No one starts a company just one.
So we can create the community where we have families, who are coming from a little business of little business sitting in cards, and they are going to get into their destruction to the companies who are going to do for you, what somebody did for this genome who talked about this sport, somebody who would ask you, what does it mean?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, you can see it? Can you look for the money money."
"Oh, no, I can't do that? I want you to look for somebody to do that?
We are all we add communities.
Thank you.
Those who get us to help us from many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors -- so we don't have a lot of knowledge to share the same public space.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools as a statement and film.
These projects came out of questions like, how much of my neighbors for their authors?
How can we be able to pay and ask more things without called the door in a bad moment.
How do you share more remember of our building buildings and understand better our land?
How do we share more of our hope to the values that our communities can be able to reduce our needs and steps?
I lived in New York and I have been taken from New Orean.
My room always found the subject with the genes that they give up to the shorters, boats and steps from a few century and a city.
It always gives the music --  there is a definition in New Orlas.  The city has one of the most beautiful artists in the world, but also one with the most amount of professionals in the U.S.
I live close to this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the balloon and also in something that changed my life for forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Johnson, like a mother for me.
His death was responsible and increased.
I thought a lot about death and I thought a lot about the death and I thought a lot about the death and I thought a lot about death and I thought a lot about death and I thought a lot about death and I thought a lot about death and I thought a lot about death and I thought a lot about death and I thought a lot about
And this was making me a free professor for the time and the time for the time.
He gave him the significant things of my current life.
But I went down to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day to day and forget really important for one.
So with the help of old and new friends brought up the wall of this house in a giant paradigm and I walked on it to completely say, "I want to die "I want to do?
And so the transportation could take a back, to get out of their lives and share people in the public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day the wall was replaced and he kept collecting.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote in the wall.
Before I want to be published by the party."  And before I die I want to sit up in the line of change in the cardiac change."
"I want to die for millions of people.
Before I want to put a tree?
Before I want to live outside the river."
Before I want to be able to do it again, I want to do it once more time.
Before I want to go to somebody responsible."
Before I want to be completely myself.
And this space came up with conversation and holes and hope and hope of people were made to come back to me, and they gave me, and they gave me a very difficult moment.
It's about knowing that you're not just to understand that you're not just understanding our neighbors in new and scale ways -- it's about giving up the responsibility and companies, and to remember what most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the climate center we did a day, and now they have been done in countries in the world, like Kandahia, South Africa, South Africa, Art and beyond there.
Some of us are going to make the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share it.
Two of the most valuable things that we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution -- it's more important than never -- find ways to connect the perspective and remember that life is beautiful and depressed.
The death is some of what we often try to talk about, or even thinking, but I understood that we will pay for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reduce better what we care about as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories -- the people who are not only helping us not to improve places -- can help to improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Now I have a single performance.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal to me.
Now I would like to introduce you to my beautiful.
Richard has 25 years old, it's high and very gentlemen.
I don't talk about, but it turns out better than some of the best origins.
He knows what the love.
And the whole thing I share is what happens.
It's not a family. I don't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and you get in this, you never mentioned it.
When I was a song of our infection, trying to make words that I don't even have to get up, I remember one thing -- I remember a thing that we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that it must be what I need to be.
San has 16 years old. It's a lot of grandmother.
It gets the most important memory of it.
However, it's a selective memory here.
I don't remember if I cut my chair, but I remember the year when I came out every single single single single single song of my first, conversation that we had four years old, to get my arm in my arm for the first exploration of the Telescope and the Galaxy of Galaxy Galaxy.
Don't you look like?
But most people are not.
And in fact, because their minds don't go into the concept of society of society, often they're invisible and interviewed.
But what I put up to my heart and match my heart was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't think about it, they could only mean one thing, which were extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary
Now, for those less familiar with the term at the terms of the terms of the automobile area, it's a brain transformation that affect social communication -- learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In every single single single single single single single one of you are divided in a different way, you have a different way to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, every 20 minutes, a new case of cars -- and even though it's one of the development of the development that faster in the world, there is no cause of the content of the world.
I don't remember my first find with the car, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was just three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I lived up in his own world, with his own rules -- and I found it in the smaller things, and I was going to put the car cars around the room around the room, looking at the landscape and eat any thing that would have between the media.
As I grew up, it becomes more different, and the differences were getting more evidence to them.
But beyond the barriers, the Africa and the international habitat, there was something really unique -- a little bit of a part of a little bit -- a little girl who looked at the world without protection, a human being that I had never thought about.
Excellent.
I can't figure out that there have been a few difficult moments in my family, moment in which I wish that they were just like me.
But I looked back to the things that have taught me about the individuals -- the communication and the love, and I realize that they're things that I didn't want to change by the normal.
The notion happened by high beauty that give us the differences and the fact to be different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could bring it up one thing to Red and San and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal to.
They can be extraordinary to be.
Because attacks, the differences that we have, the differences that we have, are a dream." Every one of us has a day in their interest and then the search of nature is the last sequence of the patient.
The opportunity for the big, the program and the change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal to me.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experience a little bit of what it must have been Alice in the country of Mars.
So I think I asked me to me, a team of communities -- that I gave a kind of communication to students of energy.
I was all all arranged.  And I was able to really be able to get out of these students with his great minds and their great books and their big words and their big words.
But when we develop those conversations -- I felt what Australia should have felt when I was able to get out of the top of the color and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conditions with students -- I was surprised by the ideas that they have, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great community.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are taking our bigger challenges from energy and care of the health -- and if we don't know what we don't understand about this, the work is not done, and I think it is our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these great conditions can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
And so scientists and engineers -- please have a simple statement.
So I want to share some substances about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sex and your engineering is active.
The first question to respond to you, and then what?
You know why science is responsible for us.
They don't just tell us that they study the trains, but they study the training, which are the mass structure of our bone because it's important to understand and treat the organism.
And when you're describe your science, you care about the game.
The game is a burn for our understanding of their ideas.
Second, you can say space and terrible, but why not say space and time, which is much more access to us?
You can do it is not the same thing that you do it.
At the time, as Einstein, that everything is so simple as possible.
They can communicate their science without building the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and anti-numbers. They are ways of getting and engaged with their content.
And when you put your work, you will get out of the seats of balloon."
You have asked why they call batteries?  What do they do the batteries? The babies kill -- and they would kill their presence of it.
A film like this is not only advertising, but it turns out too much in the area of the language of our brain and it turns out.
In change -- this front example of George Brooklyn is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the trains is so strong that I really inspired the only one of the only World East.
The market here is to use a simple face, recently, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit -- and, you know, you can make groups that go into our other sense, and you think a more profound sense of understanding of what you find out.
I think these are just some key things that you can help the others open on the door and look at the country of the wonderful things that is science and energy.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when you have used this education, all the media -- they are starting with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the English English Design is "short."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Hollywood, it means political policy."
Even though there was a perfect evidence of the 19th century that I said a lot better when he said, "You know, "The demographic is that I would look for a public card without matter -- plant or principles or principle, and that when you go up, you get it for the best use of a recording subject of the research of a recording researcher."
I don't have no idea what I mean, "It means "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The statement of the statement.
One thing to do with the words, I know.
It's very important that the words are the basis in politics -- and that all politicians know that they have to try to make the language.
It was not until -- for example, 1850 that the British Park allows the personalities to take the words out of the words that they would say in the parallel camera that they would say in the parallel camera in the place.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the instrument name of Brazil Canada, who comes to Park.
And they got up in the Tibet of London, and he was starting to be able to focus on them, but at the end he had such a popular support in London that they go.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the face of the face "show "more by the balloon "as "beauty?
Most of you think it's limited.
It is not that it is by a definition of the exploration of the experience.
But to show you really how the words and political politics -- I want you to go back to the United States -- just after the industry.
So, they had to bring the question of how to call George Washington, his leader here.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leader of a collective country.
This was called in the conversation for a long time.
They were present all kinds of substances that could have created.
Some of them wanted to call it "The "State "State "State, and others, "Here, "Here George General Wall, and other "States of the Liberia Language Language.
It doesn't really go up.
Some they just wanted to call it "The "Tell."
They thought that it was a quality of quality to me.
And not even with that were multiple, they had the idea that you could be choose to be choose by a detection that you could be.
And I could have seen it.
All the world is increased, because this device is produced for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor second, and I always write with this thing."
And what causes the rest and it was that it was that the camera of Research was in the Sea.
The camera of Red didn't want to.
They didn't want to call it Republican for whether I was going to give him to him or his own ideas.
And so they wanted to give the most modern time, more inspired and more likely than it was happened.
And that team was Professor."
President.
It was like the pressure of a subject.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term care or surgery."
There were a little bit of small pollution of little cognitive tensions and the government.
And so this is why the sense looks like.
They said, "It's relatively, we can't call it President."
This guy has to figure out how to deal with the training and record with the surgery states."
And who is going to take it in serious with a state and inspired as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of destruction, the sense is not saying.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the sense has never gone up with the test of Princeton.
The President British British has enough to follow there, waiting for the sense to be in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temperature --  -- you may be able to wait 24 years more.
But the third thing we can learn -- and this is the most important thing -- and this is the most important thing -- and with this, I want to leave you, is that the United States of the United States is not so model today, right?
In all if you have more than 5,000 nuclear head, the biggest economy of the world and a flow of versions of vertical terrorists and so on.
The reality and the story have taken to the tradition of big graph.
So at the end of the sense of the Sea.
They got their teacher of responsibility to it.
And also the other worry of the sense of the sense of sensory, well, it was a silence at the time.
But you know how many neurons have now?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has about 5,000 nuclear head, etc.
So at the end of the Sense and the face of Red Sense, because no one is going to feel humanity when they tell them that now is the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn -- and what I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to make a way and control the reality -- but in fact, the reality is much more than the words that these could change the reality.
Thank you very much.
I am four to meters under the land in a picture of Galapago.
The air is running out of heat and police and it's hard to go back.
I feel the rock of body bodies in the dark but I can't see much more.
And I hear the voice that they talk about, but on all of that care of magic talks and partners with private tools.
And as the others, I took a little bit of light light to the head with this sub-Saharan electronics, and I can be able to give you the records that are supposed to have the walls of that hole of a metaphor that costs hundreds of meters in the ground.
And it was reaching my hand and suddenly I remember a little bit that I met days before, that I lost the control and he had been able to get me up in that time.
And as I talk to you today, these men are in the professor of that table to add their lives with no pay or recently, and often moving up.
I went out of that hole and I went home but they may never do it, because they're present of the scale.
In the last 24 years I was making natural culture in more than 70 countries in six countries, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only explosion of the Portugal Park of Valley.
among all the amazing people that I met there I met a "The "Southern "The Sanda, a NASA which is going to be depending on the modern scale.
We started talking about the scale, and I really started learning about school because I knew that there was in the world but not as well.
When we ended up talking to me a very bad thing, I was able to put this architecture of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
And he made me a strategy and weeks later, and weeks later, I went back to the Darwin to meet the South Shark and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern school.
In fact, I had been in many of these situation.
Some of them -- I was going to tell you my second home.
But this time, I would come up with a lot of surgery.
A conservative culture says there are over 24 million people in the world.
It is the support of the amount of African Africans during the whole deal of the collective career.
150 years ago, the cost of a family school was about three times the alternative room of a U.S.
The equivalent to a few percent.
However, it can be supposed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up in the destruction of the United States.
And surprisingly, the collection is generated by more than 13 billion years a year around the world.
A lot of them have been sent with a lot of good education and better work for then to find out that they are forced to work with no pay -- under violence of violence and they can't get out.
Today, the characteristic operations in the company, the good things are going to have value -- but those who produce them are the states.
The scale is in almost everybody in the world, and yet, it's improved around the world.
In India, I met the holes of blue.
So this strange specific and forced survey was how to go into the ancient European or the Deliber Design.
In a temperature of 45 men, men -- women in fact, women in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in a lot of pollution in a lot of police, they would be able to be short in their head, until 18 to the time, and they take them from the homes of the artists that are to hundreds of feet.
Discovered by the monkey and the song work in the way, doing this task over and over 16 hours a day.
There were no parasites to eat -- not to go up, and the detail would have been made out of it was pretty interesting.
As far as it was the heat and the power that my camera became too expensive to the bottom and stopped work.
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean the team and make it work with it to get up and sitting there, and sitting there, I thought my camera gets a much better treatment that these people.
And I went back in the hours I wanted to get up but the angle that I was to my side I quickly love me, and he said, "Hey, you don't do it. You don't do it.
And I explain very clearly that we will show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not only for me, but for them.
I couldn't give you a different help.
I couldn't give you money, anything.
I was not a city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they already were.
I had to trust the San Shanghai and work inside the system for his freedom and I thought they would get it.
And in the way, I hope to get home to feel my heart heart.
In HIV, I found kids going up with kids for miles for miles to the mountains that they would wait down.
And those big plants were higher than the kids who were coming up and kids would put them into their head with heart cards made of paths -- and they have been able to do it.
It's hard to pay something so completely.
How can we invest in something so interesting, but so impressive?
Some of you don't even know that they're school -- and they work 16 hours a day without pay -- because this has been this whole life.
They don't have nothing with what to compare with.
And when these soldiers came up with their freedom.
When the word colleagues we often think of sexual transportation, and because of this global knowledge I would be surprised to be hard to work with security in this particular business.
In Kenya, I was interested in women who had been presented sex scales.
And I was made by a few scales that they were going to get to this way, and it had a little bit of sub-Saharan light.
It wasn't exactly a bar.
It was more good.
Consciousness, as you know in the office -- are local for the forced property.
They have small room.
Every single single thing is dark and surrounded, identified by a number on the wall and divided by a bit and a corner.
The workers often have sex surgeons in their class.
And I was standing in the piece, I remember there was a sense of article and at that point, and in that time, I could just imagine what it should be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be attached in that
I just had a sale, the scale of where it comes in.
There were no parallel dogs there.
There was not enough window enough as to go up.
Those people don't have a scale, and because we take a lot of so difficult -- it's important to find out that the scale, even the sexual tradition is going to be around us.
There are hundreds of people who are straightforward in automation, in restaurants, in the social service and the list can continue it.
And really, the New York Times in the New York Times that between 100 and 300 American children are sell every year as a sexual scales.
It's going to go on it, but we don't see it.
The text is another activity that we often relate to the human hand.
And I looked at the individuals in which there had been a few people who had been used in the company of the ground.
This is a family.
The human hands of black are the father -- the blue teams and red of their children.
And they made them together in these big barriers and survive the dream in the language to the countries, but the universe is terrible.
I told me his stories.
We don't have literally, they said.
We still hope -- yet we can get out of this house and go to another place where we really pay our work.
It turns out that there are more than 400 children who are starting in the London Langley, the biggest artificial language in the world.
When we came out, I went to take a quick look at a quick look at it.
I saw what it seemed like to be a family family in a boat -- two older children -- some more young kids -- has sense right?
Excellence. They were all school.
The kids are sitting out of their free families and developed and forced to work on the wrong areas in these bacteria in the line, despite not to know how to be able to know.
This child has eight years old.
When our boat was going to be supposed to be, it is that his little song was supporting.
I was interested by the fear of the water.
The farmers of the trees of the self-scale trees in the lab are often often address networks and kids, familiar and fear, they get up to the water to deal with them.
A lot of them are supposed.
Since I remember, it has always been forced to work in the lab.
By the end of his love is not going to be hardly, and as the whole life has been treated with college, correlated to the most young schools under their way.
I met these guys at the age of the morning -- when they were able to get the last networks -- but they had been working from the one.
At night I went up and self-support.
And it turns out that these networks are going to be more than 400 pounds of fish when they are recent freedom.
I want to introduce you to Kanghrirg.
Kara was responded in a little bit of fish.
I met it in a research in which the Sun was reaching the Sanda video of the scale.
King survey possible.
Who will get to be because of somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
And by the care of a card in Galapago with "Marijust "The Sanda, a compared company with his head of all of a sudden and survivors of our car and he took the window out.
He asked us to put it up for a land of land to the sea.
At the end of the way, I was invited to get out of the car, and he asked him to get to the control that was going on.
And then I went up with this sense of visible search and said, "This is the way, this is the way. Let's go on.
And as we began to go up, we took the forces that they were going on and after walking on the way and after walking around a hour we found that the way I was added by the recent records, so I put the pictures of pictures on my head as we found in these water to the chair.
After two hours in the way, the way I ended up just in a body, and we had a mass of holes that could walk in a film field -- and all of them were full of the state workers.
A lot of women had children who had children and they were looking at each other, they were walking out in water with memory.
The message is used in the exploration process.
These guys are starting on a little bit in the other part of Galaxie.
When they came out of the path they were exploded in their own dream in their own side.
I remember I looked at his eyes carefully, interviewed, because many had been under land for 75 hours.
The few feet have to be 90 feet and these people are going to come up with a piece of pieces of fish that then will be brought up to another area in which they are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the
First of all, the site seems to be full strong and virtual men -- but if we look more than close -- we can see to work to other legs and also children.
All of these are violent violence, disease and violence.
In fact, it is very likely that this music ended up like this version of the training and the metaphor in a few years.
This is Mars. When he died his father his father he took him to work with him.
When you look at your surgeon, you have the detail of the only what it force you to be school in the minute.
When I met it, I had worked in the minutes 14 years and the reading of the legs that you see here is a product of an action in the middle -- so large that the doctors said that I should be a failure.
In addition to that, Mars has trains and not work to that, it's forced to work at night and day in that minute.
And yet, he used to be free and entertained with a lot of local activists as "A "Satellite" and it's this kind of defense, of face to a particular possibility -- which I was inspired a lot of response to me.
I want to bring light on the scale.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to give us a lot of them and we're going to do all possible to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can see each other as human beings -- then it makes a very difficult thing to be able to have anti-states like the scale.
These images are not releases. They are in people, and they are a real people, like you and like me, that you get the same rights on the same rights and the answer in your lives.
There is no day that I don't think that I don't think about these so many beautiful people.
I hope that these images are going to take a force in who you see them, in people like you -- and I hope that that force is going to be able to get a fire and I hope that it turns out light on the scale because without that light, the beauty of the scale can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do mathematical math and there is a particular problem for who does it -- we're like the generation conditions of it.
No one knows what we do.
So I'm going to try and try to explain what I do.
It's one of the most human activity.
We get them up with the sandwich of the battery and the clothes that we will see later -- we're going to look at it.
But the basis is going to be a great strategy of extraordinary training, a high level of destruction and probably certain income that you can have a genetic company.
Foreign, the neurons like the wrong partner of Parkinson's destroyed this extraordinary ability -- as it does with my friend James Street that, in his time, it was a virus search of bank.
In the last few years, it has been made a lot in the treatment of it.
However, there are six million people in the world who are disease, and they have to deal with a incredibly unique sense, terrorists, and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objects to detect the disease before it is too late than that.
We need to be able to measure the program in the way, and in fact, the only way we know if we really have a car to be when we have a company and a correct more and clear.
But it is fresh that for the Path and other terms of the movement -- there is no biological markets, so they don't look at the blood anti-states, and the best thing that we have is a 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinical to do it. It's very, very expensive -- and that means that it was from the clinical trials -- you never do. It's never done.
And what if the patients could do it at home.
That would save a difficult journey to the climate -- what if the patients could do the explosion of the same.
You don't need personal people.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the nuclear clinical clinical climate in the nuclear clinical clinical cell.
So what I want to show you as a way that it doesn't be able to try to try it, you see, in a sense at least -- we're all virus as my friend Japanese Strandary.
This is a video video of the value of the local body.
It shows someone based on a lot of hand as I was talking to you, we can imagine as a battery of a local box because we have to cover all those local organs to produce sound and all of us have the genes need -- the FDA for example.
And as the whales -- it requires an extraordinary level.
We think about the time that I get to a child learning to talk to you.
In the sound of the sound -- we can take the position of the local bodies as they came up, and so as the Path affect the extremes, also the local organs as well.
In the top of the bottom you can see an example.
We see the same simples.
It turns out to be variable, recording and reduction.
The device becomes more transportation and all of a sudden, and this is an example of the sites.
How do you share these explosions based on the voice with the contact of the specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not investing.
The neurons is not investigating. They are both using the exist.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospital to do it.
both of them are presented. Okay, but then they are going to be basically specifically specifically.
I mean, they can be automatically.
They do very quickly. They take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are in fact, and we all know what happens.
When something goes up with a cost as low as it comes into a lot of massive scale.
These are a few incredibly ready tasks to get up.
And we can reduce the local differences of the patients.
I would not be able to go to the climate for the corner of the roof.
We could have been able to get a lot of strange strangers that we could get objects on.
We could be able to make a lot of low correspondence for clinical trials -- and for the first time, you have a little bit of the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biologists of the disease before it is too late than that.
So when you give them the first few countries in that sense, we're going to take the National Institute of the Park.
So Manhattan and Mars, we want to reduce a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to bring these objects and begin to bring up these objects at all.
We have local lines for about 600 million people in the world.
You know, with or without Patricken, you can call it a lot of pressure and let me leave you for a few cents -- and I would be able to figure out that we already have about five percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.     Martin River: So Mary, taking all of these shows from -- let's say 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who isn't it?
What are you going to do from these states?
March Life, yeah, yeah, what happens is that during the call you have to figure out if you have or not the disease -- GPS: Of course.
MR: You see, some people can not happen. You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large show of data in different circuits, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the factory factors in looking for the real markets of the disease.
RG: Do you have about 80 percent of pressure in this moment moment.
MR: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student Talk, I have to put it up, has made a fantastic work and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network also, what you get up the project -- now we have about 99 percent of presentation.
RG: No one and nine -- well, it's a better.
MR: Of course.
RG: Thank you very much. Matter London, public Pole.
MR: Thank you, Talk.
Before it was in the middle of 2010, I was made in the city of New York.
We are private creatures -- gravity.
We get up in the dark -- in a few ways, and by the way, we take the solar light.
We do the department models even more definitely, the perfect skin is still more likely to do the impossible -- possible and make us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years with many years of experience.
The 11 percent of 2004, I saw from my house, as the rest of the world, the events that are happening in Japan.
A little bit of time later, an organization where it was violent, there were Voice Vietnam, was in the place working as part of the answer.
I, along with hundreds of other voices we knew that we could not be able to be sitting at home, so I decided to go into the group for three weeks.
The 13 percent of me came to Olympic.
It's a little pollen village in the pressure of almost 50 people, one of the first people who are affected by the side.
The level of water water came up over 24 feet and more than three miles old in it.
As you can imagine, the village was depending.
We were going on. We were able to go out of the cards and the sharks.
We launched schools -- we took the side and we left the right houses to be recorded and recorded.
And we took tools and tons of fish -- especially from the local factory of local Africa.
We went up and I love us.
For weeks -- so much of the violence as the neurons found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cameras and cards and Carriels.
They all did the same thing.
You can take them and take them to different places of the people around them to get them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represent a huge part of the personal loss that that people had supposed.
As you get out of the side, and to save your lives, you had to get absolutely everything you have.
At the end of my first week I started to help up in a center of the people.
And he helps to clean the common batteries, the huge genomes grandmothers.
This place it turns out to be also the place of the village where the energy center is going to break the pictures on it.
And then they took them up and I had the honor that that day they would turn into me to raise the pictures of it.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the experience to think beyond the ants -- but it wasn't until I was going to go up to myself as a little bit of the time that something happened.
When you look at the photos -- I found some people who had over a hundred years old, some people were still in the lab on the lab -- I could not be able to think about how to bring that restaurant and reduce the face and met hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I went in Facebook with some of them, and at the next morning the answer was so short and positive that I knew we had to try it.
So we started to reduce the pictures of it.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strange, but where the water had developed the face of the child I had to go back with a lot of pressure and collective.
On the other way, that child would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as critical as having the strategic picture.
With the time in the time, they came up with more pictures and they needed more recording so that I was going back in Facebook and Liberia and five days later and five days later than 80 countries of 12 countries.
At the age of two weeks I had 150 people want to get up.
In Japan in Japan -- we move back to Romantic, a national village to the North One.
Once at the week we used our school in the terms of time in terms of time that had been inspired, where people were going to break their pictures up.
And the time that you are going to do is a different story, it's a different story.
I could give you an hour -- I could be able to make a week.
I could tell you months.
This half was had to be able to draw on the hand using the areas of the areas whose color and the water.
I took a long time.
And the water found out all these pictures in health water, collections of bacteria -- and they are even about access, and it is all with the step of the time in the time to get them up, and so you can get them to hand it was an important part of the project.
We could not reduce the picture at least that I was clean up, and it would have been recorded by his hand.
We had to go up with the beginning of hand.
We know with the galaxy of a neighborhood neighbor.
It's very easy to give you even more likely to give the pictures as well.
As he said once again, the leader of my group is like making a shark.
You can't make existence.
The woman who brought us these pictures out of these pictures in relationship to problems.
And I had started to get them out of it, but it went down to realize that it was even more.
I also had donating.
And without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to recognize, we could support the images in one picture and reduce the whole picture.
When you cut your pictures share something about your story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the pictures in a battery structure between the pretty far bedroom of where it used to be their house, but their colleagues would recognize it.
And the day of the train, his husband was the entrepreneur to close the balls to the sleep.
He had to go inside the water as the sounds were starting.
Their little kids, not as small now, but their two children were in the school, in different cells.
One of them was accepted in the water.
I took a week to find all his family and know that all of them had sure.
The day that he gave her pictures his son in the way that he was a little bit about 14 years old.
For her, those pictures were the best gift that I could do it, something that he could go back to look at it, something that I could remember from the past that he had not been killed by that day in his life when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan in Japan in Japan 1,000 hundreds of them had been brought to the hands of them and they helped us close to us more than 150 photographs -- the big majority -- the great majority came to their hands -- important.
More than 500 voices around the world are helped to get up to 90 hundreds of different pictures of completely resident and recording problems.
For this time, we really don't spend more than the United States in team and materials -- most of them in the trial for implications.
We take a whole bunch of problems.
A picture is a remember of somebody or something, a relationship -- a relationship -- somebody wants it.
They are sharks of our resources and stories -- the last thing we would take to us but the first thing we would go back to look for.
And this was the project of the project -- to reduce small pieces of humanity.
When a picture like this is supporting somebody -- it makes a huge difference in the life of the person that you get it.
This project was also going to make a big difference in the life.
Some of them told them with something larger -- to do something larger -- using their task for something that are not going to be a perfect models of perfect skin model.
To end me out to read this electricity corruption, he sent him the day that I came from Japan after six months.
And as I recognized, I couldn't be able to think about people and stories showed in the images.
One particular picture, a picture with a lot of different evidence from the grandmother to the young child to the small child to the small child -- the character of a baby -- I got a little bit of my family -- my garden, my mother -- and my daughter had been born -- it was a little bit of our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same thing, right?
Thank you.  So Albert.
David Egyptians will give us amazing and curious with this picture of a based on a based on an expression of just one million second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and look at the world not to a million or a billion dollars per second.
I present you a new kind of photograph -- the factory, a new techniques so fast that you can create video video videos in movement.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the robots, beyond the line of the life, or look at the inside of the body without using the United Nations -- and they actually have the idea of the camera of the camera.
And if I take a little bit of light and I put it up in a little bit of a second or it is, in many ways to create a little bit of pictures of just a million paintings.
And that little bit of pictures -- that based on the speed of light -- and again, a million times faster than a common boat than a common base of light.
If we take that boat and this little bit of pictures and we took in this boat -- how do those pictures come inside this battery?
What is the aspect of the light in the light?
Now, all of this --     remember that all of this happens in less than a win is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times later so that you can see the light in movement.
Collective doesn't take this research --  You know, there's a lot of things in this movie -- to get this information to show what is going on.
And the public, our based on the boat with a little bit of pictures that it starts to look at it, and then it starts to display.
It's part of the light flower, it goes to the table and we started looking at these subjects.
Many of the pictures are finally coming to the room and then they get in a number of direction.
As you can see, there is a piece of air that comes in the Internet.
In that time, the ones go up for the table and because of the research of the top of the top you see in the bottom of the bank, after a lot of cars, that the resources are contributing.
Now, if we take a common bank and right, and we do it to take the same difference and we see it in camera to about 10 billion times -- how much do you think that would make us sit to look at that movie to look at that film.
One day, a week. In fact, all a year.
It would be a very nice movie --  -- in a red line in movement.
And what do you try to do with death natural nature.
You can see the trials that are passing from the table and the wall and the wall of the wall.
This is how to bring a page in a state.
It is the way that the nature put a picture -- I thought about a picture at the time, but of course, our eyes see an international companies.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that, as the light would come out of the team, it goes down. It doesn't get up.
Why? Because the touch is motivated and the red light in their interest and it comes back after several billion seconds of second.
In the future, when this face is in their mobile mobile -- they're going to be able to go to the surface and look at if the family is motivated without having to take it.
Why do we create this camera in MRI?
As a photographs, you know, if we take a picture to a little bit in a lot of light.
But we're going to go to a billion times faster than the most short thing, so you can just get some light.
So we put that based on that, and that little bit of times, millions of times, and we worked over and over and over and over and over and over again with the data of data and we get them up to create those drugs that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in terms and protect them in an interesting way.
Super can fly up.
Other stories can come back.
And if a new power of a future is allowed to see the rooms?
The idea is that we could bring something from light on the door -- Robert will go to the room, a part is going to go back in the door and from there to the camera.
And where we could be able to extract those many light.
It's not science science -- we've already built it.
On the left, it's our factory.
And behind the wall there is a way and we will take the light on the door in the ground.
And after the audience of our article in National Commons.
And a small failure of the pictures will go back to the camera but exceptionally, in slightly different time.
And as we have a camera that works like this, and our factory, has only only one.
It has a very good time, and you can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the differences to the door and also to the hidden objects but we don't know what it is right to what it works.
When you put a place you can take a picture in the brand, which you see in the screen -- it really doesn't have any sense.
But we will take a lot of images like this, you know, we're going to bring them up and try to go up and we will try to bring up the millions of light, and with that, we can see the electric object of the entire engine?
Can we see it in 3D 3D."
This is our record.
We have things to explore before we get out of the lab -- but in the future, we could create cars that are going to make colleagues with what is going to be the corner of the car.
Or we could look for surgery in dangerous conditions looking at the light research by the open sea.
Or we could build them to be able to be able to see the inside of the body.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is pretty difficult -- so this is actually a question to the scientists so that they start thinking about the factory as a new violence of violence to solve the problems of the next generation in the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation
So like two Deliberia, he was a scientist -- it became the science in art -- an art of present pictures of primary.
I realized that all of the data of data that we collect every time we are not just for scientists -- but we can be can.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with the legal camera and the code of colors of colors of color color.
And let's look at those states. They remember the time between each of those trials is just a few of those senses in just a few percent.
But it also happens something fun here.
If we look at the bottom under the room, these are staying from us.
They should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we are working up almost to the speed of light, we have strange effects -- I would have loved to see this picture.
The order that happens in the world in the world sometimes it comes into the camera to the camera.
And I apply the result of space of space and time, we can run this difference.
It's time. Thank you.
Man: This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and it gives you an individual freedom.
With a cell can be able to make a crisis against humanity in Earth.
With a cell you can take a message and start a process in Egypt.
With a cell you can take a song to be able to put it up to Steve and make a famous thing.
All of this is possible with a movie.
I'm a 1970s and I live in the city of Bernea.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were going to have a change.
This is the amount of 2008. Imagine if all these people who are providing in looking for a change, they had a cell in the boat.
Who on the present have a cell here?
Let's do it.
They send your mobile movies, you will get them up.
Let me get you to you, a Bond, a Boll, "word."
It's a lot. almost all of you have a cell today.
But today I talk about me, from my mobile -- and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 miles of information.
data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of the United States, the United States is a distribution.
The Department of Department of Data.
And this slide says that every single phone company -- every single Internet, in the Internet of the Internet of all Europe -- has to be able to get a huge range of information in the use.
Who I call who I put up who I put an approach to who I put up with who I put an approach to who I put up with.
Who sent him a text to who I sent to you.
And if we use the mobile -- where we are.
All of this information was started by at least six months -- and to two years, in their phone company or their Internet property.
And all over Europe people were put up and said, "We don't want this.
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the subject in the digital age and we don't want the phone to be able to get all this information on us.
And there were a lot of adversity, penguins, they all said, "We don't want this.
And here you can see about a thousand thousand people who came to the streets of Berkeley and they said, "Librarian, not first."
And some even they said that this would be the Stephen 2000.
The State was the secret power of the United States.
And I also asked me if this really works.
Can all this information do about us?
Every time I use the model?
So I asked my phone -- Darwin Telescope, that at that time, it was the largest phone company in Caribbean, that please would send me all the information that they had about me.
And I asked them once a time, and I went back to ask you, and I didn't have a consumer answer -- it was all balloon, base.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're making my life.
And so I decided to put it up to give you a village because I wanted to have this information.
But Darwin Times said, no, we will not give you this information.
At the end of course we look at the end.
I would take the demographic and they send me the information that I asked me.
And as a lot of it, the College Congo formed the investment for the land of the United States.
And so I got this phenomenon on management with a Country within a Country.
And I had this.
It turns out and five pounds of the information of information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge army. Okay.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this architect.
It was a little bit, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I'm going on, where the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to do it.
Because I want to show people what the data.
So next to Zendly Andey, and I hear Darwin Colombr, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can be able to go up and go up, go back and go back into it.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I'm going to look at Coloma, and with how much it is to call it in the project.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives it a little bit.
But it's not only about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of time.
And then they call me some friends and they call them between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one on the other, and we ended up with this great network of communities.
You can see how your people are communicate between what time you call each other, what time you get up.
You can see all of this.
You can look at them, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to you who I talked to you, who gives you an impact to who -- all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information goes up at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all of these people in the streets of Bernea, in the end of Florida.
And the situation had known who part in this process, and, if the Steve had known who the leaders were like, this never happened.
It was the event of Bernea maybe had never happened.
And in fact, it's not the event of the Hollywood Congress.
Because today.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to get them forever.
But the audio and living in the digital was not a control.
But today you have to fight the subject.
You have to fight for it to a day.
When you go home to give your friends that the private is a value of the 20th century and it's not going on.
When you go home, you will give you your represent that only because companies and the students can be able to get certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you ask your phone company -- what information of you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile cells that are going to remember that you have to fight for the subject in the digital way.
Thank you.
Hello, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hello, what happened?
I call me Mars Zaban and I'm not work, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I went back to my mom six times in six different differences in the power of me in the process.
And as a result, I have a brain, and so I'm going to see all the time.
Look at me.
It's a stranger. I'm kind of like a magnetic member.
And Martin Alabama.
PM: Cell is not genetic people.
It's not consumer or you can get it.
No one made my mother on my mother and I don't find it because my parents were very beautiful, even though they are.
It just happens for action.
Now, I mean, I'm not a source of individuals -- I don't want any of the present people.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they have wanted to be distributed.
We're going to go on.
Look at National contractor, they are in the commercial center -- they get in the computer contractors, and what do you know?
16 flying places for disappearing.
And you think, God, I can be at least a little different distribution."
And also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Professor.
So there is a letter of the choice -- I would win the boat of the grandmother.
I am a parallel, muscle, a woman -- disappeared, and living in New Jesus.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I am from Paul China, in New Jesus.
I would always love my bank and my disease.
I also love that if I wanted to walk out of my house to New York, power.
A lot of people with brains don't walk up, but my parents don't believe in the can't be able to do it.
The morning of my father was, "Can you be able to do it, you can do it saving."
And if my three major sister came up, I was limited.
And if my three major sister were going to public school, my parents were left to the school system, and they found out that I was also outside and if we didn't get all the next night we all had the sandwich of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years by putting me up in his feet and just walking out.
Another techniques that I was used was to put a dollars in front of me so that I would get it.
The idea that I took inside was very strong and so on.
Yes, the first day in the head of the interview was walking like a barrier that has got a lot of boats.
When I grew up, there were only six robots in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 rooms, and they still be all of the family --  I think nobody realized that we were not transparent.
This was before 99 and that politics would be able to use "South "South to the muscles as a card line.
The people who grew up they had no problems with my face.
It doesn't have to be able to worry about a lot of man in the rate.
I would tell you that I had enough enough to live three months without eating it, so you will get out of the training is very easy.
I was born in Brazil.
Yes, in Brazil.  And my parents couldn't pay the physical term, so I was sent to the school school.
And I learned to draw with the sharks, or I can walk with the cartoons.
I am from New Jerusalem, and there we want to be girl -- so if my friends were going on, I as well.
And when my friends were going to go through the sea values in the cost of Jesus, I didn't work.
I was going to be my summer in a war area -- because my parents were made that if we didn't go back to pay all the sea, we would become Madagascar.
In the vaccines of my father I was trying to tell me -- so I was going to tell me, so I was put out in the store, and I was put out in the store, and I came up in the Mars Mars, and I remember that the water took me the eyes and I thought, "Wow, it works."
But the military fourth was the guy.
I need to say it's very advertised, but before I do a seat was a control of support that I could not be able to put out of football story."
And now I can hold up in the head.
My parents would recognize this idea that I could do any thing, that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the German hospital.
I went to the university by the positive distribution and I got a battery for the United States University University of the state of Arctic, because he was going on all of them.
It was like the market mountain of the teacher desert.
They all love me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart in the least marriage in my class -- and also in their class.
Every time I did a scene of the college of the crime of my teachers they came in.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called San Venus in Japan.
This is a piece of a girl with the brain.
I was a little girl with brain.
So I began to go to the four seats, "The end will have a paper."
I have beer partners."
At the end of the first friend."
Thank God, I am a short man."
I didn't get the paper --  They gave him the Bronx Bronx.
I was going to try to go down to the direction of the terrible design, and I was going to be straightforward, as if someone had killed my face, to ask me why and she told me that because they thought I could not do the risk schools.
And I told him, "Did, if I can't do the risks of risk -- you can't do the concept."
It was a role for the one that literally had been born and they gave it to an act without the brain.
The universe was taking my life.
Hollywood has a story of the story of advanced actions without distinguished drivers of disability.
When you go back home, I got home, and my first accident was as a strange in a television in a phone.
My dream was done.
And I knew that it would be advanced to "be a little bit of "like "market friendship, in a sensor.
In change, I went there as a garden, I don't look at me more than the negation, and it was evidence for me that the research rights didn't find rockets -- not white and disabled disaster.
They just found a perfect people.
But there were except to the rules.
I grew up by living Google Google, Robert Bang, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were companies.
And so I made me human.
In my first goal I took famous cameras from New York New York, and I would never forget the face of the first career that I took when I came back in the realize that I was going to be high speed by the Net stage with a control that had brain.
I worked in cells all over the United States, and also in Arab in the Middle East in the Middle East and without self-consider.
Some people say I'm the first motivation of the Arab world.
I never like to break the first place, but I know that they never heard that little demonstration that says that women are not fun -- and they get very fun.
In 2009, my brother of another mother and father -- Dan Daniel, and I launched the French of the Albert County in New York, now in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the natural image of the American in the media media and at the time to remind them to the research distributions that support and Arab are not sustainable.
It was a much easier thing to fight against the challenge of the station of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went as I invented to the program of news for the care of Kenya Congo to Kenya Star.
I went out as if I went to a graphic battery, I was brought up to a study and they sat in a state in a state.
I looked at the direction and I said, "Did, you can give me another chair?
She looked at me and he said, "For me, three, three, three, two, two, two two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two
And we were living in life.
So I went up to the pressure of the present to not get out of the screen for the second, and when I ended up the state, I was present.
At the end I had my opportunity and the design. I knew they didn't go back to me.
But not just the Mr. Shanghai came back to inspire, but it was like a little bit of a complete time and put my chair.
One fun thing that I learned in the right with Kenya September was that people in the Internet are economic.
It says that kids are crazy, but they never moved out of me or a little bit of me.
All of a sudden, my distribution in the Internet was going to be objective.
I look at companies in line with companies like, "Why do you take the technology?
It's recorded?
And my favorite point, "Policy battery balloon.
What does it work?
We really should go through it.
A company was going to go up even that I would add my discovery to my culture to my corner, company, company, particular.
Design is as visual as the reason is that radio.
If somebody in the networks can't do from Bernea, then Ben can't make someone in the shoes of areas.
The distributions are the distance.
The distributions are the largest minister in the world, and the most advanced in the world of the entropy.
The doctors said it didn't work, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grew up with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of the distribution in the media and the everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images -- that would be less light in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My favorite journey has taken me to very specific places.
I was going to walk up by the red roof for the distance of the Hubble Telescopes and the brain College Algert.
I was going to go into a film with Adam Santa and working with my pain -- the incredible David Mars.
I took the world on the world starting "The Green rooms."
I was dependent on the very large state of New Yorker in the CO2 of 2010, at the U.S.
And I was the kids of Mars, a brilliant organization to give kids a few percent of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father came to me in life, and he gave him this talk to his memory to his memory to his memory to his memory to his memory to his memory to his memory to his memory to his memory to her memory to his memory to her memory to his memory to his memory to his memory to his memory to his memory to
(Audience pathology.
I call me Mars Zaban, and if I can, you can too.
I would like to tell you a story about a little girl in a little village of a small people.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a little village to the South South.
This village is about Madic.
And the idea of the small village to the poverty and the edge of the income.
No one for him, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mars, the capital of South.
When you get there, there is no opportunities -- there's no work, no work of future.
He had been living in a car in the city of Mars.
After a year later, anything.
One day you get a woman who gives you to take it back to it, then you get to get up, you get to get up.
I know a group of people, which gives him a college.
It gets a little bit of money to get a little bit of money to get a new money to send home.
They present a young people.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Mars, under a blue sky.
That little kid of that little village with the great quality of the great quality was the support theory, and that digital group of people were at the Canada, a terrible organization connected with the Park.
So, how do the story of a little child try to get their dream in the city in the city with him interested?
He was waiting for him.
I was waiting for an opportunity -- waiting to start their future, waiting for a future, and this was the first thing that he came to.
This was the first thing that I went out of what we call the "personal personal personal."
And his story is replaced in urban center around the world.
This is the story of the markets, young universities that they would do with donations in Johnson, they would do distributions in London, which look for something beyond the "personal personal person."
For the young people, the protection of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, and the young people are not going to pay in the price of their cities.
It often is the game that comes out of the most high streets of it.
For 2009, three of five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities -- if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the life of access -- the access of access to terrorism, to the violence, to the states, to be the story of 2000.
And in my city -- Martinism, 70 percent of young people are desperately.
70 percent doesn't work, it's not going to school.
They don't make anything.
I went back to Mars last month -- and I went to visit the Mountain hospital. The hospital where I was born up.
I remember going to be in that hospital.
And if I had seen me forced to be in that same personal personal personal person?
Would I have become the terrorist?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mars that month was actually to go back to a few young leaders in a company company.
It goes back to about 90 percent.
We felt and we had an idea of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges that are in the city.
One of the young people in the room was Alis.
He went to the University of Mars, it was graduate.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because it was a graduate college, desperately, frustrating was the perfect white white for California and other terrible organizations to be recorded.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mars, the biggest object to get from the point to the Balkan are the street.
Seven years of civil war have completely discovered the visual system, and a muscle can be the easier way to move up.
And you see an opportunity and the approach.
It started a motivation company.
It started all the motories to the local resources who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to express hundreds of molecules for the next three years.
Why is this different story.
What does this different story.
I think your ability to identify and take a new opportunity.
This is the business spirit and I think the company special can be the most powerful tool against the "personal personal person?
Family to people to be the creation of the economic opportunities that are looking for so surprising.
And you can go into the young people to be employees.
I want to talk to you about a young man who went back to one of my experiments.
And I was helping some of the young people in the center of the company and how it will be involved and how to create a culture of the company interview.
In fact, it's the first flow that Mars has seen in over 25 years, and so far as long as Monterey came up, if you wanted to get out for your box, you were used to be played from the subject from the surgery.
If you ask somebody to ask somebody -- "When was the last time I saw flowers from factory?
For those who grew up during the civil war -- the answer would be, "No."
So Michael saw an opportunity.
It started a company of particular paradigms and designer.
I created a free in the outside of Mars, and he started to grow together and literally, which said, you could survive the climate climate of Mars.
And I started the flow of flowers for bears, creating gas in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working in the creation of the first public pay of Madic in 25 years.
There are no public patterns in Mars.
It wants to create a space where the families are, the young people, you can go together, and as he says, you can take the protecting roots.
By the way, he doesn't be roughly because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to be inspired to young people, and in that room, the president of Monterey had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about taking a business.
They had thought about working for a Norway, working for the government, but his story, their innovation was really an impact on them.
And you get them to look at your city as a place of opportunity.
And you get them to believe that you could be companies that might be artificial of change.
For the end of the day, they had an individual solutions for some of the biggest challenges that I face the city.
They were going to do complex solutions for local problems.
So, inspired the young people and create a business culture culture is really a big step -- but young people need to make their ideas.
They need experience and organic to get them in the development and put out of their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need to do to make the support that they need to go from the concept to creation -- and they will create carbon growth for the urban growth of the urban growth to happen.
For me, the company is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact to create a social impact.
Monterey is not just looking at flowers.
I think it's seeing hope.
His Park of Palestinian, this is how I call it, when it's created -- to transform the way people see their city.
They go up with children from the street to help them go and keep the molecules for him.
They gave them the opportunity to get out of the partner of the passion of the waiting for the loss of the waiting."
These young companies are having a huge impact in their cities.
So my subject is, they become the young people in companies -- they put up and feed their individual innovation and have more stories about flowers and pay from the peace that they were anger and "people and "like experiences?
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went back with my dad in the Monterey Monterey, an area between the North state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The fire forest.
The sun would make them work as a virus, and it will not be for the way that we went on, almost we could figure out that we were the first human beings in having that Earth.
We get to our field.
And it was a colleague in a record with a beautiful book when I discovered something amazing when I discovered something.
And behind the colleague there was a battery, from about four feet with correspondence to the passion of the path of the path of paper paper, and they were old abuse.
And I was all an anti-number and I was incredibly controlled.
The cards that were too excited as to get out what they had done, who thought he was going to clean their battery?
That question was going to come with me, and it's just a little bit.
Who does our battery?
No matter how they organization or where you put your box on the "Western water in Europe?
Who clean out of our battery in Google or in Paris or in London?
So here in New York City -- the Democratic of San Line -- in the reason of 11 tons of demographics and two tons of religious products every day.
I wanted to tell you as individuals as individuals as individuals like them.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What do you feel to use the universe and take that card?
So I started a research project with them.
I went back in the shoes and walking on their trains and they went into people in office and institutions in the whole city, and I learned a lot of it was a lot of an interest in it.
I needed to get more.
And so I started working as a battery record.
Now I didn't just come up in the wall. I continued them.
And I was going to put up the mechanical states and barrier the name.
It was a private normal and an amazing learning.
They all ask about the surgery.
It is there, but it's not so likely as you believe -- and in the days that it's very strong you have a very strong one.
It costs a lot of training to the fish.
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies continue to put up the weight to take on their body subject every week.
It's also the dangerous.
And I agree with the Organization of Station Station, which is one of the red resources in the country, and I learned the right.
You're going out and you're going to go into the train every day and you're going through your air.
They just want to happen -- so in general, the conversation is not paying attention to it.
That's very bad for work.
And as well as the battery is full of dangerous people who often get out of the walk and they produce terrible data.
I also learned about the barrier of the bank.
When you go out of the heart and you see a city from the part of the way, you get to understand that the forest is like a force of nature in yes.
I never stopped coming back.
It's also like a form of responsibility or college.
It should always be in movement.
And it's also the state.
It seems to me that the state is especially interviewing, because I think that I think the records of research are the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health.
If you don't get rid of the strategies in the form and effective and effective every day, this starts to get out of your contact and your institutions are going into very real ways.
We have been connected for decades and images come back and they start to give up.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing we have no space for the new way for what the economy of economy begin to figure out when it is in dangerous the control.
I am not advanced by the capitalism, just just the relationship of it.
And then there is what I call our average visual speed needs to need it.
With that I mean the speed to the speed that we used to move in the time in the time.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't get up, and we carry up or take us with us in our career, our boat of the shoes, our water boat.
We use them, we find them from them, because we know that there is a work of work in the other side that will get out of it.
So today I want to give you a couple of ways to think about the relationship of designers that maybe help you reduce the structure and put it into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost light.
They are in the street every day, in a local way.
They use a university in many cities.
You know when you think about it.
And their work allows us to do the us.
They're almost a form of advantage.
The flow that they keep to get out of ourselves from ourselves -- of our own experiments.
One day after about 11 percent of 2008, I heard the group of a record room in the street, I went to my little son, and he had a little bit of the strangers -- and there was a man doing his recording of paper.
And I tried to thank you to do his work that particular day, but I started to get up.
And I looked at me and just sitting, and he said, "We are going to be good.
We're going to be good.
And after that I started to invest the record of research and I went to see that man.
It's called Paul, we work together a lot of times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our effort to reduce the way that we are in this planet as a species we need to include and have all the costs -- even the whole human cost of the human hand.
And the world's markets, what we think about when we talk about barrier, they represent three percent of the amount of the national nations.
This is a remarkable structure.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next thing you see to someone whose work is to clean the battery of you, you take a moment to get them up.
You take a moment to tell them thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life form part of the environment where the architecture was born from the conditions and local organs.
And I brought two recent projects like this.
both of these projects are sitting in energy countries -- one in Europe.
They also share the fact that the different adversis from different people are become an essential part of the end of architecture in architecture of architecture in the end of the architecture of architecture in the end of the architecture of architecture in the end of the architecture of architecture in the end of the architecture of architecture of architecture in the end of the architecture of architecture in the
The first example started with an investment to design a computer center of a number of storms in the capital of Ethiopia, Adam Alis.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design with.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to get the correct."
After looking at some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to get up.
In the beginning, these buildings are almost vaccinations because they have very big ones in which people can't give the language to buy things.
Second, you need to get a lot of energy because of the research with the correlation with the correct people in the Internet, so it is it needs a lot of consumer.
In a city where this should not happen because it's about a terrible climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the entire year.
And in the third place, your species don't have anything to do with Africa or Europe.
It's a performance by trying to get a place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Europe, I was really connected with the old market that is this structure in the air where thousands of people, they go and buy things all days to little vehicles.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate foreign activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a commercial center of it.
But the question was how to build a building model -- a lot of missions, applied to these beginning.
The next challenge is present in the institution that is transported in a very growth area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two key streets that don't communicate in a hundreds of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing that we did was to create a connection between these two streets -- using all the entrepreneurs of the building.
And this is exposed with a advance that I create a space to the free air in the building which is particularly particularly -- for their own way, the sun and the standard.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small business, which changes in every single single way because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building of the building.
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to the local climate conditions.
And I went to think about a similar teacher to a sense of ants with professionals to allow the air in the air and also like light, but in a filter way.
And then we inspired us in these beautiful regions of the states of the electrons.
They have protection of the favorite generation and this helped me model the face.
We are building that with these little private pieces that are the window that they let us spend the air and light in a way that we control the inside of the building.
And this is completely with these little colors of color that use the light of the building in the building to increase the building for night.
And with these ideas that was not easy to convince the development because they thought, "That's not a commercial center -- it wasn't what we asked us.
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market turns out to be much more reduced than the computer center because at the end of the contrast because they had more local to sell them.
And then the idea of the face was much more economic -- not only because of the material in the life, but also because it was no longer need to have an air attack.
And so we get certain numbers on the audience that we use to increase the project.
And the first thing was to think about how to get energy energy for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by using photographs in the ground.
And then under those parasites we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and balls that would create this urban horse.
And these particles in the roof, that in the way, they get water for the sites of the Internet.
It was waiting for the next year, because we're going to go through the control of the building.
And the second example is a team of 2,000 and services in the city of Tibet.
And to make a big project as big as a big project that I have designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tribe, but also to their environment and the culture and the culture.
For that audience I put special attention in the middle -- a structure of a hundred years of anti-number that was surrounded by a wall with a domestic doctors of access to the almost recent lines for almost recently.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to increase the wrong streets -- creating 12 similar elements in the size and career to the ones that there are in Brazil and other cities of Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we had a few extra dots in relationship with the idea of the interested patterns with recent lines -- and this means the intelligence model.
And the last choice was to think of the cell -- the little cell cell of the project as a particular part of the planet of the teacher planet.
I thought, what would it be the best organic for a market in the medical climate?
And it's North, because it creates a critical difference between both side side of the house and so a natural situation.
So we put a sense that shows that most of them are perfectly free in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then in the planet we have all the conditions for the patterns.
And I also respond to the local numbers that make a greater device in the solar levels and a better device in the planet down.
And it also means this idea of the dogs as well.
The car, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like getting to the community of the space of the building.
It is where all the neighbors can be able to go up and support, and you can do a lot of such a car of two miles a morning -- or you get out of a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see the cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and local economy.
For this reason, I see even more important to look for the architecture for simple solutions but improved that the relationship between the community between the community and the environment and the environment, and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl would go into our class -- it was so remarkable -- as you see all the new kids.
And I had a lot of a very beautiful box and a small story of light, and he was surprised to be strong for the states of the states -- very good for the states.
I ended up that year and I was full of gentlemen, until I go up with my own planet.
One day I was a time after the screen of school, it was a little bit later, and I fell in the basis of the kids.
When the cost was depending, I went out in the middle room, I took from the table of my teacher the book of carbon.
And then, I did.
And I took the cardiacts of my record, just a little bit, just a little bit like this.
All of them --  And I was willing to give up the book to the box, but to see, some of my other companies had very good news as well.
So in a face, it turns out the notice of all the world -- without any picture.
I put all of them out of David and myself.
I still surprised me what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good to do.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never got me.
It's that it was everything that was straightforward to do.
They never found me.
But about all, I gave me the reason why I showed you that this guy, so small -- it was so good for me.
And I would give you the clients.
They are so mission and so depressed.
We know that babies are supposed to be closed.
And also the primates.
We know that cells are the number one is the number one number one in the U.S.
And yet, I have never seen a study that goes up the survival -- or the long death or the training.
And so you have to go to the food, because the neurons are like the lab in which the cells are in all of their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an expression to say that if there were no gentlemen, I would have been not limited.
So there would be no Helf help, and there would be "none?
There would be no clinic networks -- no thousand and a nights."
There would be no Sandwill.
They would take the lists of the high school, because we would be losing "The Root and the Sun, there would be no Galaxie: or "Freedom." We would lose "March Bangladesh, and "I would love "Japanese."
However, there is no Project. I know that Program has the answer for all of the answer for all, and in the way, it almost has all of them.
This year is a hundred years of his work -- "The most successful time of the search statement, the most successful study of the sexual cells and also the original compassion -- and the whole thing we could have --  And thinking about Projects, we have the personal details, right?
So we think about a child trying to connect the dream of it.
So we think about a lot of hunger in your landscape.
We forget about how much that picture.
We forget about what it is.
I mean, this is about books that Virgin William said were so hard as a cat art.
I don't know how it looks like, but we know that it is surprise.
Let's look at why they go so well together, the nation and the clinics, the clinics and the Prince.
It will be very obvious as the cells -- which will come back to the person -- to their desire -- to their implications, are a good national basis right?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone -- when we think about what happens when we sit out of them.
When we feel gentlemen, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
It's going to be at the same time and audience, we know exactly what you can do is to get the carbon -- right?
The cells make us all of us and all of us who make all of them and that is something that makes me understand it.
All of what she makes to give me to be able to be able to put to another, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell themselves that story, and since then, Project says that every single freedom that San describe in his love, he went to his collection of training instruments in his private camera.
You have to figure out that San and Project, they were absolutely celebrating.
You know, the North Projects would have to take the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so beautiful.
The cells are architects.
This is a human emotions -- you have to feed it.
And what are the charges?
The cells get out of information.
The cells use the details.
They like the schools like the great amount of beautiful ice and a small story and a small amount of lights.
The cells get out of the pictures of the picture.
This is why I tried to be so successful --  Proportion is good at the action of the carbon language.
So when Steve is in his authority of calculations, I heard behind the dogs and support to the surgeons of their love, then I define those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is resistant, but it's not different to the intelligence of an ancient text or looking at a mountain."
He says, "It's scientific research with real international value.
Protection is trying to prove that cells are trying to make sure that the cells are interviewed and they make us look like, but in their metaphor, they are supposed to know -- so they have a real dominant.
The doctor, the human, the presentation, these were the ones to the San Profession.
He says, "The woman who we need is that we need to make us work, and it makes us a lot of a much more profound sense of ways that are a much more profound man that you can be interested in.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for critical women crazy?
No, I think it's trying to say that the cells will become ourselves.
And there is some other emotions that makes us open up in this particular way.
Is there any other emotions that we have to do is that our application, our amount of amazing and our rights?
Any other emotions that taught us to look at the sense of so particularly politically?
I love to write about this later.
One day, France was living by a young young young man that was connected with the idea that his woman would be.
And Einstein says there was something strange in that man, which was not used in what his wife was doing.
So she was impressed, everybody knew it.
The poor population was under any career without any cause of it.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, without going to tell us -- income behavior.
Do you have a lot of the way that you can do with a man.
Einstein says that the man was becoming the concept of the income of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife of his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife, his wife,
The negatives are very good at this.
The neurons find very well how cells are going to look at inspiration but without pressure without it.
In fact, how much more interesting we are, we are more likely to become researchers of the family.
And for this reason, I think, the cells are taking us to make violence and self-scale.
The cells are going to be able to share us to share in a completely interacting way.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman in the age of the age of age was created by having created a favorite reaction in Facebook from the one that was sent by visual messages to itself for a year.
For a year, all a year.
She was trying to be trying to get the new notion of his night -- I have to tell you that when or this, I was accepted with advertising.
Because we are relatively.
So what do you know, even though it defines, even though it defined, you know? Right?
It's like nations.
As a National Parkinson's nation.
High is one of my favorite people.
She is a very strange character and brother of the U.S.
This is the "Audience of "Hairon in a Trajectory, and "The Talk Sameran Anderson: The books who are trying to get out of our minds -- and once we are in the school, and once we are in the school, in the middle of clinics, the message that I could be about what could be, can be profoundly in an instrument in an instrument of it.
Let's take Titan Richard, his most famous person.
I took Richard and want what you have to do is that you are going to get out of your will be and put out of what you ever have, and it's under the floor -- and it's under your name, and it takes your names, and it took your blood, and it takes your banks down.
It's a way.
But what do we do that? We can't take the River Rock.
I can't give you all over the world, so much as I want to want you.
This is a limitation, because we live in the sense of sense.
We live in terms of cells.
That is, are we good citizens of social networks where the role is the subject -- right?
The names show us the standard? I'm not safe to you.
So we're going to do what people are always doing when they're not safe -- when they are in a microscope.
Let's go back to the 1980s of Brazil and we asked by San Harvard.
And when people think about Hong, I think of the market in the March Proportion, that creative generation in the Mars.
But I've always been presented by "The Lester Leadership, the ball face of San York that needs Harvard Department, I need the generation of Hong, but he got it.
Oh, I was so familiar to me.
Let's need your help. But you get it up, and you put it up with you in the each one of the microscopes.
But as they work together, something starts to change -- and finally in "The Sea of Singaporents "Facebook, once you have been able to get up to all of your solution -- I think you go back to Hong and says, "We are not cells, seven Hellonish.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him that there is no person in New York that I didn't want to take the hand.
It's one of the few times that we see in the story. It looks like this very exciting -- this is also a mission -- this is also a mission, right?
It seems to try to try to try and be a generation problem, no emotional problem.
You know, in a minute.
At the next minute are the same side.
All of a sudden is allowed to get that idea of being him on it.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells are really an issue of generation, just a question where we allow us to be in relationship with the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get out of the rest of the other.
We can get up with it.
But I like the security plants to me.
So as we hope that that country, we remember that we have the food to connect it.
It's just the contrast of the challenges that are considered.
It used to only the subjects, the invited to the table.
And you look at what you are going on, the Latin Leader, the Latin Talk, the Latin Lab, the same March Mars.
We are in some of us in extremely company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 99 percent of Japanese 1990, Berkeley Alice went out of the top of the Parkin 1950s, and I found on the sea of the Arabic.
Arabic and Albert were used -- but his pressure in the surface surface was the control of a collective collective process.
The Apple program was the biggest movement in the history of the U.S.
To get to the Lab, NASA spent about 100 billion dollars in today, or four percent of the professor property.
The audience was working to about 400 people, and he asked the collaboration of 20 companies and universities and governments of the government.
They died people, including the Arctic of the Apple one.
But before the Parkin Parkinson's program.
They were walking on their surface -- which is that Albert after the death of America last year, is now the most anti-number.
So why would they do?
They did not get a lot of the back -- 1860, 180 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 perceived later, a new sense of the fish and the quality of our common home.
Why were it that they were because they were because it was because the President Kenya wanted to show the supports, that this nation had better colleagues.
But the own words of Kenya in the University of Arab in 2004.
John Fing.
Why do we turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the most high mountain?
35 years ago, why would you fly on the Arthur?
Why does it play Rose against Texas?
We choose to go to the Lab.
We choose to go to the Lab.
We choose to go to the Lab in this decade and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
James Patricker, for the controls, the audience was not just a vision of the West on the South War in the Earth.
In the time, the most strong opportunity was to be able to do it to the control of the power of technology.
It was because it was something great to do it.
The land in the Lab happened in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century has produced the line of sub-Saharan and the audio, the position and the vaccine for the college.
In the middle of the 20th century, you get the police and you get the virus.
The technology seemed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to call "American "pictures?
For most of the history of human history -- we couldn't go faster than a home, or a battery with a step, but in 1995, the Arctic of the Apple 10 miles a hour.
In fact, no human will have become the Lab.
No one has come faster than the growth of the Apple 10, and the opportunity of the power of technology has been surprised by the power of technology that we can see that the technology will solve the technology to go to Mars -- create a clean energy, to make cancer, or feed the world population seem to have been interviewed.
I remember the sea of the Pale 17.
I was five years old, and my mother said to me that you don't look at the top of the screen called the San San San Samari.
I knew that this would be the last mission -- but I was completely sure that I was going to see the colleagues in Mars.
So that's what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last few days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies have been interested and they had taken up with traditional pollen, things like implications, and social networks and social networks that are going to be able to go up with the stranger sector.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have embarrassed and engaged our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a particular explanation in San Valley, which is that they have created a lot less excited than those of the years in which the years, Michael, Microsoft and George.
Steve Valley says that markets are the panels, in fact, the ones that the risk causes to the companies.
Steve Valley says that the risk of risk risk that changes the creation of traditional ideas by the end of the fundamental problems or even famous problems.
But I don't think this explain is good enough.
I explain what is going wrong in Steve Valley.
Even when the risks of risk were in their red point without worry about the risk -- they were a little investments that they could get out in 10 years.
Charles, they have always had problems to invest in technologies as an energy, that they need an enormous capital and whose development is a long laboratory. They have never been involved in the development of technology to solve big problems because they don't have a whole value value of it.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and professionals.
Sometimes we choose to not solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars.
NASA has even designed a planet.
But go to Mars to get a political decision that was popular -- and that would never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do in Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the global power of energy energy of energy energy of energy energy as the solar and the biology and the biology, and the reason is completely economic -- and the reason is completely economic to it.
The face and the natural gas are more than the solar energy and electricity, and the oil is higher than the biology than the biology is.
We want an alternative energy that can be able to get in price -- they don't exist.
Now, the technologies and the economists are accepted about what political and economists are going to get the development of a antibiotic energy energy -- a massive increase in the research and development of energy, and some kind of control of the care of the car.
But there is no hope in the current climate climate that we will see an energy population of the United States or treat international transportation that they have to do with that question.
Sometimes the big problems that seemed technology, it turns out not to be.
We know from a time of time that men are result of the future in the food of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that workers are political creatures that affect the food.
The technology can improve things like the heads or the systems for the stream and the food, but there will be hands as there are bad government.
Finally, the big problems sometimes send a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The National President gave the war to the cancer in 1998, but I soon discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some of the things that we have in the treatment -- and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effects and viruses.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have -- but these four elements have to be present -- the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution -- it has to be able to actually try a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apple Minister, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems -- and it would be with those creatures.
But it's a present model in the future.
We are not in 2004.
There is no company like in the South War -- there's not a policy like John Kenya that I have got the hard thing and the dangerous thing -- and it is not a little bit of scientific science as the solar system.
In general, go to the Lab it turns out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I was not even using any problem.
We're just in our present -- and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to go.
God knows that we don't get the challenge.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start by giving you the ideas that you have about consumer.
They are so common that they have become care of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a crazy, there has been a lot of distribution of trust -- it's a very serious growth of it.
The second is a goal, we should have more consequence.
And the third one is a task -- we should recognize the consequence.
I think the corner and the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a charge, a goal and a task -- which I think gives you a more clear idea about the issue.
First of all, why do people think that conservation has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I was invited to think that it can have done in some activity or institutions and that could have taken in others.
I don't have to do it.
But I can go back to the states of option, and the states of the opportunity are supposed to be the source of the growth that the trust has distributed.
When you look at the tests of the time, there is no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were called 20 years ago, which is probably present and political people, they are still inspired the same conservation.
And the people who were very excited about 20 years ago, they still have a very considerably consumers -- the diseases.
The rest of us are in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half of the way.
But is this this?
And what you can do is what you need to do is of course, they are of course, of course, of course.
What else can you recognize?
What you look at is the genetic activity that people are doing when you get certain questions.
Do you think of politics? I think of the materials?
Now, if someone would ask you to ask you the reactors?
Considers in the fisheries?
Do you think of the printed streets?
You probably start to say, "What do you do that?
And that would be a very sense.
And you could say, when you've heard your question, "Well, I think in some of them -- but in other notes."
Which is very radical.
In fact, in the real life, we tend to deal with the trust in a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we're going to feel like a different kind of office -- it works or kind of a person -- it's going to be universal in all the case.
I could say, for example, to say that I put in a certain teacher teacher that I know to give you the class class -- but in any way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it was not a good control.
I could trust it in my most dangerous friend to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to get a secret for it.
simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in more amount?
And I think the teachers are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust -- because they try to offer the good public public in the fact that we can trust in something or somewhere in someone else.
Second, what happens with the goal with the goal?
The goal is to have more conservative.
Frankly, I think it is a strategic object.
This is not the goal that I was going to do.
I was going to be able to have more trust in what it's deployed to do, but not what it is.
In fact, I'm a part of not to trust what it's not considered.
And I think that those people who were going to do with a very nice care called San Manhattan, March, that then he turned out with them, I think of them, and I think, well, they were too connected to them.
It will have more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It's considered or negative with intelligence -- that's the right.
Once you say it, you say, yes, that means that what it means in the first place is not the consumer, but collective.
So this is what is about making a public about how many people are the people in terms of distances.
And I think that to be able to make a public, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they companies? Are you honest? Are you responsible?
And if we find that one person is company in the personal materials, and it is responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it in it, because it's going to be distinctive to consider.
But yes, by the center of it, they're not responsible -- we could not trust them.
I have friends that are companies and home, but I didn't trust them to take a face to the right, because they're fighting.
I have friends that are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they support their own companies.
And I got a lot of me to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are companies and responsible but extremely detail.
If it's like that, I still don't care me.
But that's what we are looking for.
The trust is the answer.
The creativity is what we have to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decade, we've tried to build systems of resources for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of individuals, protection, and so on.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect of it.
They don't work as they should work.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the advanced role that will go up with the part of the party?
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, which is the intelligence system that the risk of realize is that they are willing to add the collective and the conservation test -- actually is actually doing it.
What they do is to make the work of the people who have to do hard task -- like the parts, by showing you the cards, as we say, "Marty the careers."
I sure you all know similar examples of it.
All of that, all of that.
I think the goal should be more cognitive -- and that things would be different if we try to be a distribution of trust and we're going to bring them to the people that we are considered, and if we try to figure out if other people or political or political people are kind of disaster.
It's not easy -- it's the subject, the simple action.
In the third place, the task.
It's going to call the task to be able to get the consequence, put things out to it.
It suggests that you and I should be able to get the consequence.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can get a little bit of collective.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to improve the consequence.
But the consequence, in definition -- it's different because we get the other people.
You can't recognize what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough enough to be able to trust you.
You have to be a kind of consequence.
And that, of course, is because you can't afford it, you know, all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to make sure that you are made of consumer.
How do you do that?
And that is done in all parts of it, it makes the common people, the work, the institutions -- very efficient people.
Let me give you a simple example.
The story where I bought my colleagues says I can send them without giving them without giving you it.
You get them up and you get the money, or you change them for the color that I want.
That's starting. I think of them because they went back to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you go back to the other part, that's a very good evidence that you are distinguished and you have trust in what you're talking about.
So at the end, I think what we're going to do is not something very hard to display.
In what people trust is in relationships -- and in that way, you can figure out when the other person is distinctive to consider.
Thank you.
From the beginning of the computers we've been able to deal with survivors between us and the digital information between our mathematical world and the world between our material and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be.
So this room has been restricted, and more and more, as a point that today is less than one me, the hope of the life of a technical screen and the power of the information has become access to all.
But I asked me, and if there wasn't beers?
I started to imagine how it would be.
The first created this tool that goes into the digital space -- so when the first fish against the screen is going to bring their body physical to parks.
The designers can make their ideas directly in 3D -- and they can protect them with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool you get up the batteries.
But the two hands are still out of the screen.
How do you get to the interest and interact with digital information using all the destiny of your hands in your hands.
In the University of Ministry Consciousness, along with my mind Carl Book, recognized the computer and transform a little space about the screen in a digital area of work.
And by changing a virus transformation with the faces and the face and the face -- now you can take the hands of the street, get to the inside of the 3D space -- and to bring legs directly with your hands.
As the window and the artists have a scale in the real space, you will tell them is so easy to get a book of a state.
You can take up the book and take lines or words with the visual sense that you have on the top of every day.
The architecture can be going to be able to be able to be able to go up with your hands directly with your hands.
In these examples we get in the digital world.
And if we invest the paper and make the digital information come into us?
Well, many of us would have bought and developed things around the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
And what I have here is a virtual test for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a distributed device in your head or transformation when the system is understanding the generation of your body.
If we take this idea, I thought, rather than just looking at the space in space, how can we make them be physical so that we could take them and feel them to feel them.
How would it be a future that?
In the middle of half of me with my Arab Hillis Hillis and my colleagues Republican Park, we created this only physical process.
So this process is shared as a 3D painting in space -- which is that it means that so much of the computer can move the object to any place within this little traditional space.
So simply, what we did was that we were able to get the generation and control the movement by a magnitude of massive recording and medical access and details.
And when we program the object -- we launched it from the research of time and space -- which means that human movements can be able to go back and go back and go back in the physical world.
And you can teach them professionals and the famous talent and the famous fact that you can do is you can reduce as a physical reality.
The students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concept as the movement of the planets -- the physics -- and in the difference of the movies, this is a real experience. This is a real experience.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our physical activity.
As you see, the digital information will not only show you something but start to act directly about us as part of the physical world that makes us without that we have to get rid of our world.
So we started the talk today talking about a balloon, but if we go up with that battery, the only line that comes is our imagination of it.
Thank you.
I was brought to become a generation for two years in Hurricane, China.
When I was in the first degree -- the government wanted to bring up a school for all the patterns with all of the patterns in the partnership.
But my mother said he said, "No, no.
My parents wanted me to become engineers like them.
After survive the cultural revolution -- they believed that there was only a key path towards happiness -- a safe work and good research.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a China.
So this was me, in my own picture.
A little bit of a person has to start to get up from very young people to learn the activists, so I tried everything that I could to go to school school.
And I wrote to the distribution of school and the present of a radio program.
But no adults would love the idea.
No adults took me in a series to me.
Just my friends supported me, but they were kids, but they were kids, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much more to get up.
My dream will never be done.
And so, during the rest of my life a sense of second class was the only one that could be able to do.
And this was so surprising.
So it turns out to look for something else.
No one around me wanted to teach it? Okay.
I remember the books.
(Audience "Starks, "Stop "Stone: "Dead "The Hillish Hill" -- I got to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
The ones who were provided in China, of course.
The good Earth is about the Chinese life.
And it is not present control.
The Bill is interesting -- but it's wrong.
That's a subject for another day.
But the well-being of me was a representation, "Hand to your father and your mother, to your mother and your mother, and your mother, to your mother, to your mother, to your mother, to your mother, to your mother, to your mother, to your mother, to your mother, to your mother, to your mother, to your mother, to your mother, to your mother, to your mother, to your mother and
Hello, I said, "It's so different, and much better than "forever."
And so it became my tool to get out of this piece of color collection and to take the relationship with my parents with me.
The focus with a new culture also gave me to my complexity of complex record.
A lot of perspective.
For example, this map looked like this map of place because this is what the students in China.
And I had never happened -- that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map of the perspective of people.
It's not something new.
It's a common practice in the wrong world.
There are in the field of research as a complex and complex religion line.
You will be able to compare and find it, it gives you a more profound understanding of a issue.
And I thought that if the computer law worked to get involved in which is not going to do it also in the course of life?
So I began to read books in the two.
You can try out from people "Building "American "All of Wall American American Andrew that they were involved in the same thing, or friends with shared experience.
By the way, the techniques are economic and political and space.
For the Bang, they are all publicly, legal, and I have a social source -- the interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two language.
The path of China Tony Talk" -- "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Walley Wall, and I found out that you can get a lot of it.
For example, it's through the transformation that I realized that "happens in China it literally means "particular for fairly fast, Japanese."
And "North in China, literally means new mother." Oh.
And the books opened me a magic door to connect with people in the past and the point.
I know it's not going to feel just to feel only or important.
It will have a really profound dream is not anything compared to what many other people have gone on.
I have come to believe that the fact is not the only purpose of a dream of it.
Your most important purpose is to connect with the place that you come to the dreams of the states, where the passion comes from.
It can be able to do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that I'm here today, happy -- living again with purpose and clear, most of the time.
So the books are always going to get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20, I saw my first classroom of public.
And I was a computer student in the clinical public in Berlin.
She was a 24 years called Alex.
He went up with the first room by using a few and a half stereotypes, he was going to look at the top of my office came up and said she wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so strange.
My course of class had a piece as the first culture.
And I took a video I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could do it.
But I didn't do.
With the stories that Australia is going to go to services, it made me easy only to move the head as we get the solution.
The tribes are the new "Looks, he said Alex, and so I looked at it, she was right.
You start working after that, you go home after that, you have children later, until the death goes on.
For virus as Alexander and I had time for me.
But a little bit later -- my surprise was asked to protect Afghanistan to talk about his love life.
I was responsible.
I said, "Well, it's coming out with guys under his career -- you get it up with a head, but it's not as if it was going to take with him.
And then my surprise said, "You know, but maybe you go up with the next time.
And also, the best time to work in the March market is before it was carefully?
This is what people call a moment "Grand."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20 percent.
Yes, people feel your head after what you used to do, but this didn't make the 20 of America were a pay in their development in it.
This made the 20 percent of America were the perfect moment and we were doing it.
And so I realized that this kind of neurological business was a real problem and I had real consequences -- not only for Alex and their love life but for the careers, the families and the future of the financial forests.
There are 50 million times in the United States, today.
This means about 15 percent of the population or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to the audience without going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to go into the
You get the hand if you are in your 20 percent.
I want to see the virus here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with virus, you love a virus, you give them the dream a virus, I want to see it -- it's good -- it's good -- the real version of real important.
This is not just my view, these are the done.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen to 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments -- "Hello, that they give her life to have happened to when they have 30 and so much.
People from more than 40 -- they don't go in front of.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an extraordinary impact on the amount of money that they will do.
We know that more than half the Americans are happened, they live or are coming out with their future future to 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up their second and the last stage of growth in their 20 and a half of growth in their 20 and it means that if there is something that you want to change itself -- now is the moment to change.
We know that people change more times for their 20 that in any other time in life, and we know that the family happiness came to the 27, and the things become complicated to 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to focus on their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the children, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and the choice in the brain.
It's a moment in which their life and common has an important impact in the person who will become it.
But what we don't listen to is that there is something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in the adult development of adult development in the adult development of adult development in the adult development of adult development in the adult development of adult development in the adult development of adult development in the adult development of adult development in the adult development of adult development
But this is not what the systems are listening to.
They talk about changes in the line of the age of the audience.
And the researchers call the 20 to 20 percent anti-saving.
The personalities are able to put them back to the systems like "standards, and "shows."
It's true.
As a culture, we have considered a transition that is actually the decade that is the decade that is actually the decade of the advance.
George Brazil said that to get great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not right?
What do you think happens when you give you a search in your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life to start your life.
It doesn't happen.
They brought it to that person the sense of self-assembly and his atmosphere and not absolutely anything.
And then every day every day, you know, interesting intelligence, interesting intelligence, and their children and their children come to my office and they say something like this, "I know that my note is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't know. I'm just killing time.
Or they say, "You all say that as it starts a career before the 30 -- everything will be good.
But then it starts to sound something like this, "My 20 are to end up and I still don't have anything to show you.
I was better about the day that I get out of the university."
And then it starts to sound something like this, "My quote for the 20 were like the game of the chairs.
They all come up and go up, but then in some time around the 30 -- the music, the music, and they all began to sit up.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be starting, so sometimes I think I got my husband because he was the most close thing when I was 30.
Where are the systems here?
They don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little strange -- but they don't get up, the risks are very high here.
When you leave a lot of things for 30 things, there is a huge pressure to the training and so many of you to start a car, you choose a city, you choose a wall, and you have two or three children in a much more short time.
A lot of these things are not completely completely, and there are research that they start to show -- which is much more difficult and state to do all of a time to 30 percent.
The crisis of the average age is not about buy red corners in it.
It's about realize that you can't have the career you want now.
You realize you can't have the son that you want to do now, or you can't give me a brother to your son, you know.
A lot of trains are looking at itself, and to me, sitting on the room, and they talk about their 10, "What was I doing? What was I thinking about.
I want to change what the systems are doing and thinking about.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called English.
At the age of two, I got to my office because I was in his own words, having an idea of ideas.
He said that he would like to work in the art or in the automobile, but I still couldn't say, so I spent the last few years working as a table.
And as it was more bank, I lived with a note that I would show more likely than a little bit more likely than a little bit.
And despite living about 20 very difficult life, their life had been even more difficult.
And I was coming up in our situation, but then it was starting to say, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends, but you can choose your friends, but you can choose your friends, but you can choose your friends, but you can choose your friends, but you can choose your friends, but you can choose your friends, but you can choose your friends, but you
Well, one day I was able to put his head on his legs and he took it for almost all the time.
I was just going to buy a new book for direction, and I had spent all the morning to put it up with his many contracts, but then he was looking at the empty space that goes after the words in the words of the words and the please called "Shame."
I was at the point of the story when I saw me and said, "What is going to be for me if I have an automatic action?
Who is going to be going to take me if I give me cancer if I'm going to tell me.
At that point, I got a lot of work to get up and say, "I don't say, "I know.
The thing that I needed was not a tool that was really worried about it.
I hope I needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot about I worked with Alex as to just feel as the decade of the December of English was going on.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told me three things that all sells, men or woman, it makes to know.
First of all, I told me that it would forget about that idea of identity and it will be able to get care of.
By the case of idea, I mean to do something that comes value to his person.
You can do something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Carriel career, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- I know this capable of sense of idea of identity capacity.
So now it's the moment for that work of the other side of the country, that company that you want to do.
I'm not going to get up with the search explanation -- I'm going to take the explanation that I should not tell you -- that, by the way, it's not explorer.
It's protection.
I told him to explain work and I made them tell them.
Second, I told me that the urban writes are supposed to be surprised.
The best friends are extraordinary to get to the approach, but the systems that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in how much you know, what you know, how you think, how do you think, and where they work.
That new piece of carbon -- that new person with who will go out of the top of his clear crime.
The new things come from what they call the film flows of their friends.
Yes, half of the services have a bad work or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the blue ventures are the way to control this group.
The half of the working workers are never published -- then to know the head of your neighborhood is the way to get a work on it.
It's not going to be able to do it -- it's the science of how information is going on.
On the last but not less important, I thought you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a search, I ended up with his family -- when I have a wall and form his own family.
I told him that the time to choose his family had come up.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel that the 20 or even the 25 and I agree with you.
But you choose the person with the people who live now or you go up now when everyone in Facebook began to walk down to the strategy is not a program.
The best time to work in your mission is before you have it, and that means to be so interested in love as you are in the work.
You choose your family to be a aware of who and what you want instead you want to do in place to do it to work or kill time with you that you get them to you.
So what happened with English?
Well, we looked at that time, and she found out the room of the room that I was working on a piece of art in another state.
And this stereotype is helped to get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the note with the life that I live.
Now, five years later, it is kind of special organization of events in women.
This happened with a man who choose conscious.
I love his new career -- I love his new family, and I sent me a face that he said, "You know, you know, you know, "North engineers of energy are not big enough.
The story of English can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with searches.
It's very easy to help you.
The systems are like airplanes that come out of the air of the American Arabic, which go out to some of the one.
Just before the fire, a little bit of the arm in your transition makes the difference between you go in Alice or in Fing.
In the same way, at the same way at the same way or even 25 and even at the 21st and even 2000, a good conversation, a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next few years, or even in the next generation of the next few years.
This is my idea of discovering all the systems that you know.
It's so simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I've now got to tell you is the price of saying to viruses like English every day -- the trains are not the new 20 percent, and they take their advertising, and they are able to be able to be able to use their distant values, they take your family.
You don't let you define by what you didn't know or what you didn't do.
They're saying their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 24 years old, I left a very successful work in a general job for a work that was even more expensive, the doctor of it.
I was going to teach them materials to the public schools in New York.
And as any protection, I would be able to put up and tests.
I give you a lot of them.
When the work came back, I got the careers.
What I call me the attention was that Chinese was not the only difference between my best and my worst students and my worse.
Some of the ones that had a better design they had not been able to do is they had no pressure points.
So some of my most smart kids were not going to be so well.
And that got me to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in the material in the way, safe -- they're difficult -- protection, professionals, the area of a parallel.
But these consequences are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during the enough time.
After several years later, I got to the concept that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a mathematical perspective, from a public perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the better way.
Is it Chinese, but what if you have success in school and life depends on a lot more than the ability to learn how fast and easy for it?
And so I left the cards and I went to the university to become a planet.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of conservative stage, and in every study my question was, who has success here and Why?
My research team and I went to the Audience Milorities Western Pole.
So we try to predict what you would stay in the military treatment and who would be replaced.
So we went to the National Congress Consciousness, and we try to predict what kids will do is the most possible thing in compassion.
So we study the American teachers working in really difficult experiments. asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students?
We are associated with private companies -- question, what about these vehicles are going to keep their work?
And who is going to get more money on it.
In all those very different context, it took a career as an important price of the success.
And it wasn't the social intelligence.
It wasn't the good application, the physical health.
It was description.
Design is positive and perfect to get very long legs.
The device is to have research.
The device is to get their future, day after day, not only for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The device is to live the life as if it was a market, not a car to all of the situation.
A few years ago, I began to study the discovery in the public schools of China.
I asked thousands of students of school that made my design schools, and then I hope around over one year to see who would be great.
It turns out that the children with more determine they had a lot of greater protocols, even when you look at them in every corner that I could measure -- things like the family, the results of the statistics of the statistics -- even the security they feel the kids when they were in school.
So not only is it in West PowerPoint or in the National Congress Consciousness in which we care about, it is also in school, especially for the children in risk of it.
For me, the most important thing about death is the little bit that we know, the little bit of the science about their development about it.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the demonstration in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the children in the kids
So what should I do to teach kids a sort of work of work of work.
How do you keep them on the long party?
The most honor answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the task doesn't give them a demonstration.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of clinical individuals that are simply not going to go on with their companies.
In fact, in our data, it is in our data, it's not related to or is even related to the media media.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the discovery in children is something called growth of growth."
This is an idea to develop in the University of South Asia by Carl Alice, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not too far -- that it can change with the effort of it.
Dr. Darwin has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and learn about the brain and grow in response to the challenge -- they are much more likely to think about when they are, because they don't believe that that figure is a perfect consumer.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop defense.
But we need more.
And that's where I'm going to end up my discovery, because that's where we are.
That is the work that we have for it.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong institutions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to figure out, to be able to get up all around with the lessons to learn with them.
In other words, we need to be discovered about making our kids get more defended.
Thank you.
And I grew up in Twitter as the daughter of a career, one of my most advanced remember is my mother to show the beauty -- the way and the face of Chinese careers.
From that moment, I'm going to do this incredible language.
But for a surgeon, it seems to be as important as the Great Maria Mars.
In the last few years, I've been asking you if I can take this bathroom, so that it is that I want to understand and apply the beauty of this support support can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick amount of learning could be useful to be useful to me.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the terms of each car in the right sequence in the right sequence in the right sequence of the right sequence in the right sequence in the right sequence of the right sequence in the right sequence in the right sequence of the right sequence in the right sequence in the right sequence of the right
I learned new careers every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
And a Chinese activity would understand 20 pounds to understand about 20 meters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic surgery.
The first 200 percent will allow you to understand the 40 percent of the basic freedom -- enough enough to read mental signals -- you can understand the basic idea of the website of the website or the personalities.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open up their mouth as much as it is possible until it is collecting.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a country.
person.
If the shape of the fire is a person in both sides -- as if I was coming out in front of it, "I am going to be completely cool." And this is actually a crime of the form of the call -- but I like to believe that it's in the other way.
This is a robot.

This is a mountain.
The alone.
The line.
The door of the door looks like a couple of patterns of a song in the old one.
I call these eight careers.
They are a building of building so that they believe a lot of care.
One person.
If someone walk back, that's supposed."
As the old says, two are company -- three are multiple.
If one person was going to be a person who was going to be their arm -- this person is saying, "I was a big thing.
The person within the mouth -- the person is accessible.
It's a principle, such as John inside the screen.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
They put a role under the tree -- we have the food.
They put a little bit on the tree -- that's a "like a picture."   easy to remember, because a single tree is quite inflate.
Remember the flow?
Two feet together, it makes a very expensive thing.
Three feet together, that is a lot of calls here.
They put the fire under the two trees -- that is to get up.
For us, the sun is the source of the product.
Two sounds together -- present.
Three together, those are the degrees.
They put the sun on the sun and the line by making together that is the brain.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun goes out on the hour, Alic.
A door -- put a role inside the door -- is the box of the door of the door.
They put a little bit inside the door, making questions.
Take, there are somebody in how you go home at home.
This person is coming out of a door -- exploring it.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're display.
Three women together, they have care of the advantage.
So we've already happened for almost 30 meters.
When you use this method -- the first eight radical eight regions will allow you to build together.
The next group of eight careers will build another 35 cards.
So with every little effort -- you will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of careers, which is the same thing that you learn an eight years old.
So after we know the careers, we started to create free.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a little bit of water. It's a voice.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun of the sun.
This is a sun with the origin, because Japan is to the China.
So one sun right next to the origin, we create Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have.
A young person.
The care to the left are two mountains on the other.
In the ancient China -- that means in fact, because the Chinese companies are going to get their political energy beyond the mountains beyond the mountains there.
Today, the existence has become coming out.
A little bit that tells you where to go out is a shoe.
This is a slide to remember that I have to let me talk and go out of the stage -- thank you.
And what I had to do is put it up to be the movie that I came to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Mars man.
The film does their imagination for months.
His favorite character was Galaxy, of course.
He gave him a good exploration to use a brilliant version and take a magic variety of magic and to take a magic value.
But when you look at that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary to see it.
Now we live and we created our children in a kind of kind of industrial complexity of inflationary factories.
However, the goal of hear was a survival in itself.
It didn't start that test.
The technology really took a couple of years later, exceptionally, another film -- another film of metaphor and a piece of metaphor and a little girl who would come to a little girl who was supposed to be a search of the energy.
Do you know what I'm talking about.  Yeah.
There is a big difference between these two movies -- there's a couple of big differences between the top of Olympic and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Mars machine.
The monkeys are pretty adverse, as the hands.
But I think I think if the head of hear is done today, the magic would say, "Hello, you're the search of hear like the protection of it.
You use mathematical satellites to get the markets to get up by the computer bank of the brother movie.
But that's not what happens.
Another one of the only one of the ocean is that the most beautiful people, you know and even virus are women.
I started going to notice this when I did San Wars to my daughter -- a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a son in that moment.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son -- and he had been driven.  And so it was starting on the room and I was put up as a mom with his patterns behind it, and I don't believe that he understood what happened -- but unfortunately, he was going on.
I ask me what it was.
Are you going to be value of value and performance and leaders?
Do you have the feeling that Lult is one to a story to get the government?
So let's share this with the Mars Mars.
How do you go up with your movie?
And I do a good story with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world in which I want my children to grow up, and it's not a world of men who fight -- which is where we are.
Why do there are so much force carbon career in the movie for our children, and so much of the wall of the hand blocks?
There is a lot of freedom about the impact of the music violence in the kids, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how the kids come to this room.
I know for the experience that the beginning was that I had been able to go up for the world that I had been sending for the world of the adults that is mission.  I think at the time of the first story, I really hope that the creatures would start to start because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has ended up -- I have a non-like thing.
Why do you go out of foot there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focus on the village and get their record, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adversity.
It's almost like being a kid, you have to be an amazing animal -- and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war.
There are a lot of experiments.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they are, the kids are not really their objective public public.
They do a fundamental work to teach kids how to stop the paradigm -- but they don't necessarily show the kids how to stop the paradigm.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our kids, so real and listeners like Health and Kanda, but they don't stop to be movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time is going to be able to go up in climate after climate, every one of them about a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who are running a child.
Until a lot of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out.
And I would take it to all of you. It's already available in them.
Do you remember what the critical said when you came from?
I can't believe that Paul has done a film of a beginning.
It's very good. They don't let the destruction."
Well, almost no one of these movies is the test of Berninger test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still not been running down and it has been presented, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Alistic Brazil is a childhood drug, and at the middle of the years, I brought a conversation that had had with a friend of the evolution of the movie that they saw with.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the film, there are more than a family character that has limits?
So you have to be able to get the research.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie in the movie of the film.
Their conditions are about something else about the girl that you like to do it --  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between each other.
Now, I have seen it, and yet very quickly I see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week was going to see a very good quality -- Arabic.
Right?
Present, it doesn't happen the test of Bernea.
And I don't think it was, because a lot of the movie -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a box where men and women are going on for the crisis of records.
We have a lot of thousands of men who have deep construction and doctors in this content, and it's the great moment for one of the act to take a look at the door and say, you go to the school, care?
This is Hong.
So you get in the numbers.
In 2009, of the 100 most popular film, how many of them think they have failed programming?
One is not wrong.
It's not the same piece that the number of women that we have chosen for the Congress, then it's good.
But there's a larger number that this is going to do this room.
Last year, the New York Times published a study that government had done.
This is what he said to it.
In the United States, one of five women say it has been open up ever once in their life.
I don't think that is the market of the mass entrepreneur.
I don't think the movie for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that the music of music or police are completely video, but something wrong -- and when I listen to that statistics -- one of the things I think is that there is a great amount of sex.
Who are those guys who are those guys who are thinking?
What do you do it?
They are starting the story that he says that the role of a magnified hero is to get the violence with violence with violence and then put the record, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talking to me.
Are we going to do that story.
You know, as a father with the price of creating a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very strong structure and we want to ask them to them.
We have tools to our device as it will do it, and we expect that to help it, but I have to ask you, but I have to ask you to be able to protect them is, at the same time, the same time or pretty much -- are we focused on our children so that they keep their musical power?
I mean, I believe that the list of Nigeria, is a way to do something really important -- and here I mean very much to the parents here.
And I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of mathematical is actually changing quite quickly.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the article.
It's all change.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite piece of San Wars -- you know what I realized?
One of us.
Daniel Kenya and Galaxy.
So what do they have in common these two.
Maybe it is not just the big version.
I think they are experts here.
I think these are the two people in those molecules that you know more than nobody -- and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help them get their potential to them.
They are leaders of them.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter -- and I like that kind of stories for my son for my child.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I say to my son, it looks at my son, and the more stories where it looks like their work is to go to a team -- maybe a team lead by women, helping other people improve and be better people, like the Mars machine.
Thank you.
In my child, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I like to look for was to look for the courses of sea because my parents told me that that would be surprised.
But you know, it's hard to find these contents.
They are covered and it's hard to see them.
However, with the time, I used to look at it.
I started looking at ways and patterns that helped me.
This became a passion to find things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egyptian, I realized to do with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because of course, in Europe, my little ball in Mars had grown up to one of the almost 300 miles of language along the New Nation.
And I had a look at the size of cities.
This is really what I took me to use sandwich images here.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
So I want to show you an example of how different we see to use the interview.
This is a profound place in the top of Europe called Benjamin.
And the place -- it seems to be market, but when we use the interview and we put it up and we put it up using favorite color -- especially the place you see as a big brilliant.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape by the material materials and the activity of the ancient electrons.
I want to share with you how we have used the salary data to find a city, called India, called Internet, lost for thousands of years.
India was the capital of the ancient East for over 400 years in a period of time called the half of the media about 400 years ago.
And the place is used in Facebook, Europe, and it is really important because in the Middle Institute -- there was this great research of the ancient art of the ancient art and the architecture and the religion and the religion and technology.
The Egyptians have always knew that Iran was used in some place about the pieces of the two networks that they built them in, which is inspired inside the red creatures here, but somewhere within this huge plastic plant.
This area is enormous -- it is about 55 percent of 6.5 miles ago.
Before the name was right at the side of Internet and as I changed with the time, you get it back to the time, and I cover all the city.
So how do you find a solar city in a strange piece of stranger?
I will try to find it to be the equivalent to look for a hole in a leg, with the eyes sold and by using the blood gallons.
So we use DNA data of NASA to make a map of the place, with very sustainable changes to do.
We were able to see where the National Nation.
But you can see more recently, and it is even more interesting -- this kind of really interesting area that you see inside the crime here, that we think it could be the accident of Iraq.
And so we put with the English scientists by doing the electronic work, you can see it here.
When I say shows -- it's like the task of shows in ice -- but instead of a climate change of climate change, we look for human conception.
Five feet down, under a whole bunch of stress, we found a little bit of charge objects of change.
So this means that in this possible technique of Internet, five feet down, we have a chance of several hundred years of years of years that give the Middle media -- exactly the same period we think is Iraq.
We also found work working work, recording and catch, which shows that there was a piece of sea.
This might seem to be not a lot -- but when we think about the most common pieces used in the Middle Middle Minister, these are the pieces that they were used in.
So, we have a little bit of carbon design that comes from the media in this place.
We also have an evidence of a little bit of little library that shows that what has been there, it was a very important city.
We still don't find Island here, but we will go back to the place in a right future to get it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to capture people in the use of the sandwich technology of the way that they can also make great developments.
I want to end up with my favorite quote of the Middle India, probably was written in Islam about 5,000 years ago.
So share the knowledge is most of the vaccines.
There's nothing like that.
So you know, the TED was not used to have been not been used in 1969, Dan.
It makes the ideas come in really started in 19 percent -- Charles, in a lost city not for a long time and found from the heart.
It certainly gets the search of a lot of market controls in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to get involved in the eyes.
You can imagine out of standing out in front of the door of this house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door -- the material that's done.
Now they come up with a group of the obvious networks in biologists.
They are eating in a little bit of biologists and they're going to go into their front door to their destiny.
I need you to look at this.
They are particularly particularly starting, they're going on.
And you get in front of the door of your house.
There are bacteria flying around all of us, and you are going to go into their side of the areas that end up in the right places that are going to take up the boat of the door of the door there.
At the point -- the partner, or what you have on the other side of the door and you look at the quality of light -- and you look at the quality of the Monterey Monterey.
It's happening with the hand.
From his chair, on a home show.
It's a career I talked about.
You can feel your blue beach by doing it in the night.
You can play the sand of airplane and countries that are just about to stay in the mouth.
They go through one side and go into his room.
And in the room, and doing it as much of your imagination -- imagine Brazil Steven.
It is a little bit of rocket, based on his center of center -- by saving "Stop One Monterey Monterey."
Now I'm going to tell you the colleague.
The dream has been turned up with a kind of yellow blocks and from the hour come to you -- The Man Mars, the Mars and the Laden Language and the Lab of the hands of the hands -- standing out of you.
Okay. They open the eyes.
And I want to tell you about a particular concept that is taken to each other.
It's called the Medical "The United States.
I was going to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific personality, waiting -- I mean, that this was like the end of a knowledge supply.
There were a number of men and a few of them from different evidence and different hospitals of hypothesis.
They were making hundreds of numbers of numbers, looking at just one time.
And then you get the names of tens and tens of strangers.
And they would have been able to get up in just minutes.
They start to see who I could have been able to get more likely to see the order of a little bit of children.
And I thought, "This is incredibly."
These people must be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the companies.
This is a man called the College Congo that had come from English and it has one of the best memories in it.
I asked him, "Hey, when do you realize you were a side?
And he said, "I am not a know.
In fact, I have a average memory.
All of those who are part of this company say that they have normal memory.
We have been interested to make these millions of memory using a lot of financial techniques using a few years ago in Britain -- the same techniques that were used to change their brains.
And my reaction was, "Oh, how did I have heard about this before.
We were standing out of the room, and Everything, who is a wonderful English.
You know British Republicans."
And I said, what? No, why is that?
Because I would like to teach you, because I would like to show you the order in a bank in a life of life, in national television.
That would take the world that anybody can do it.
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Steven, but maybe you can teach me.
Or is, you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
It ended up spend most of the next year, not only by trying to get my memory -- but I also responded it, trying to understand how it works. Why sometimes don't work and what your potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called A.I.
He is a very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem -- it's impossible.
And somebody incredibly transition, but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the species I met this man.
This is Japanese Pentagon.
We went up with a letter together in the public biology of the Lagon Laden Color, by changing the phone police, was cell.
And when you go back, you have a number of treated about the memory of writing something more than 2,000 years ago, in the Arabic and then in the Middle age.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to distribute and collecting it was not a little bit as fast as you can see today.
A long time ago, people invented in their memory in order to make their mind.
These techniques have made our modern world, but we also have changed.
They have changed.
As we already don't have to remember, sometimes it looks like we have forget how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where they are still found by this idea of an idea of an entire memory -- distributed and collective is this company so much of memory as well.
It's actually not so small, there are companies like this everywhere.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of the University of the University of London invented to a group of memory.
Do you want to know, will be that it has brains in some way, structure or different amounts of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest
They gave them a little bit of cognitive tests, and the answer was actually actually not.
There was a really interesting difference and meaning between the brains of the memory of memory and the control of control of control that they share them.
When they put them in a magnitude machine machine, they took their brains as they saved numbers.
In effect they used -- or they seemed to use -- a part of the brain that will be able to get space and self-considerable.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
So the train of compassion is made up as a career career in where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly.
This is my friend Benjamin Project, three times made of memory.
In his college, in front of him -- there are 30 balls of a decade that he's about to try to get in an hour, using a techniques that he invented and only he did.
He used a similar techniques to get the order of the pressure of 445 dollars and search biologists.
In half an hour. Yeah.
And as there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these companies -- absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end of the end of a single concept that public calls call the police "particular."
It would be involved with a parallel paradigm like the "particular "player, "The "The "The "Dead "Dead, I say to two people who remember the same word -- I tell you that there's a man called Brazil."
That is the application.
And then I said, "I think there's a battery?
And when I came back later, and I ask you to remember that word that I told you a card?
"What would it be?
The person who told her that his name is Bangladesh is Brazil is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person was told that his work is "mice."
The same word, different ability to remember -- that's rich.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bangladesh, actually doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship for you.
And with all the other remember that they take for their head.
But the word, "Beauty." We know pathogens.
They are using the white search systems.
They have hands in the hands.
They get good when they come home to work.
We probably know some paintings.
And when we go on that word for the first time, we started to put the angles to be able to be able to put them up in a little bit right now.
One of the most expensive techniques to do this is about 25 years ago in the United States.
It's known as the microscope of memory."
The story says like this, there was a piece called September that comes to a bank.
They had found it as a control, because before, if you wanted to give a very good front, it doesn't go to a DNA, it was going to be a population.
He went out of the foot -- he had his memory of memory -- and he was made, and so soon it was, and as soon as it was, the side of the bank is collected.
They all kill them.
But not just killed them all to all of them -- but it turns out the bodies are going on.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting on.
So they couldn't get the body.
A transformation behind the other.
Second, in the middle of the surgeons, in the middle of the schools, the eyes and realized that with the eyes of their mind, I could see where it had been sitting every single single one.
I took the families of the hand to take them to where their beings were designed between the schools.
What you see in that moment is something that we all know more or less importantly, and it is that without matter if we're not good to remember names or numbers of phone or instruments to work for the word of our colleagues -- we have visual memory and social space.
If you ask me to give me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about September, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would expect you to tell them to say who was sitting on the shoe of the paradigm show in his self-conservation, they would be able to fly it.
The idea of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- how much more than that, you know, how much more than that, you know, you know, a lot of surgeon, and it turns out to be the image -- more likely to be.
This is a consequence that comes from over 200 years ago, to the first treatment of memory -- in law.
And how does it work?
So let's say that you have been invented to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it in memory -- in the same way that you had done it if you had done it to HIV about 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're in the door of your house.
And you can figure out some kind of absolute picture of a absolutely recording image and income and incredibly increasing to remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspirational company.
And then you can imagine your house, and you see at the Gulf of the Galaxie Golden Mording on Minister Edic.
And that would remind you that you want to put your friend up from the Country.
And then you would look at British Stephen to remind you that kind of gravity that you want to tell me.
And then they go into the colleague, and the fourth issue that they talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
So this is like the faces are made up their discovery, it doesn't work for the word -- which is going to trust you, but typical for typical time.
In fact the term there comes from the "Training group, which means "Lastare."
It's a video of when people thought about the brother and the restaurant with this sort of space terms of space.
The first planet is like the first place in your memory of memory in your memory of memory in your mind.
I saw that this was just fascinating -- and I got out of it at that.
I went to some of these memory companies and I had the idea of writing something strange about this sub-Saharan medical subject.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory of memory is a present police evidence.
It is like looking at a lot of people who are being taken out of sea. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets out of the front of it.
I'm a performance, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to me.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in his place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I feel the New York Times -- just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the names of an old school analyze in a collective market.
And I found out that this was absolutely entropy.
I would never have hope that it was.
It was an entropy, because it wasn't just going to get the memory on it.
What it is actually about doing is to improve more and more of the ability to create and imagine these regional images -- companies, profits, interviewing, and income anti-number and income income in the eye of the mind.
I got a lot with this.
So this is me, using my team to try to try out for the memory of memory.
This is a couple of signals and a couple of security security seats to leave just two holes -- because the device is the worst energy of a memory company.
I ended up coming back to the same concept that I had covered a year before, I had the idea that I could be able to be able to be able to get in a kind of a little bit of a particular particular experience.
I thought this could be very good for all of my research.
The problem was that the experience came out of control.
And I got the consequence, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
These are just a few tricks that they work.
Because they based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it doesn't need you to be able to build parts of the memory or to get balls from the names, to benefit with a little bit of perception about how your mind.
And so we talk about people with a great memory as if it would try to go from a single interview, but it's not the case.
The big members are education.
In the most basic level, we remember when we put attention to it.
And we remember when we get rid of us.
The part of the memory. These memory techniques are just attacks.
In fact, they are not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They make a kind of protection -- a kind of very complex attention that most of them don't go out there.
But the reality is that there is no streets.
This is what things are doing is the mental thing.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, is what I would just leave you today is what I could not even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the dream of our remember, and that is the notion of our resources.
How many of us are willing to lose what our face is going to be thinking about the Berlin or imaginations, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walk on our side -- we will be so sub-professional that we don't even get us to process in protection?
And I learned from the first hand that there are an amazing memory of medical memory in all of us.
But if you want to live a mental life, you have to be the kind of person I remember to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the story of the architecture of architecture in the story.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic -- so we're going to get just a complex place, New Jerusale.
Because 30 years ago, I am from no. Jesus, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents in a village called Linda, and this was my child of children.
In the colleague, from my driver, I was the basis that I share with my sister with me.
And between my drawing and the battery, there was a box that was going to be the room.
And there they all spent the room looking at the television -- so every time I was from my room to the battery, all of me looked at me, and every time I was told and I went back in a village -- all of me.
And I was like this.
It was a top, and I had a hand.
I hate that record, I heard that room, I had that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Right.
Those feelings that I felt -- that is the power of architecture -- because architecture is not about mathematics -- no matter of areas -- but of those visual connection -- but of those visual connections that we feel in the places we do.
And it's not going to happen that we sat out of that way, because I agree with the American Prototype Apple -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof.
Or it is, 90 percent of the time we are arranged by architecture.
That's a lot.
The architecture makes us in ways that we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit of a little bit and very, very likely and very, very likely to make us.
And this means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I'm going to do -- you think of power, "show and democracy."
And I know you think about it as a building in a building built 25 years ago.
This is a train.
It is a design that uses the architecture to create an emotional connection with ways we build our building.
It's an emotional connection -- we have used this train from a long time a long time.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 19th century to build the art.
And in the 20th century in the United States, we use it to build home.
Look at these states, strangers, strangers in front of the sea.
This is very, very useful because they build things is a lot.
It's cost -- it takes a long time and it's very complicated to it.
The people who build -- the college and the governments and the governments are always afraid of innovation, and they want to use ways that you know they're going to work.
So we found with buildings like this.
It's a great building.
This is the Policy public of Lifes that was done in 2009, and you know, has a chimpanzee, and you know, has this charge, and you know, it has this record, and you have to get up with the whole thing that Linguan is trying to understand with this building, the kids, the kids, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a biology today.
That same year, in 2009, at the other side of the country, it ended up another biology, which is like this.
It's in Sengelly.
So this biology shows how we use the media media in the digital way.
It's a new kind of public team for the city, a place to get up, read and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both of these buildings are both so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works in the beginning of the painting.
In one side is the innovation -- the architecture that they constantly make new technology, new solutions, new solutions for the form of life.
We supported and we suggested so much that we get completely from people.
All of the black -- this tells us, you believe that we feel very well, but we're dead because we don't have another choice.
We have to go back to the other side and go back to the other side with those symbols approached with them.
So we do it, and we are all happy -- but we feel like training, and we started to experience again, we make the power of back to the data, over and over again. We have done it in the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the 1960s.
The architecture was worried with the bridge challenge."
It has to do with the audience.
That can be able to get up.
You see small Venus, in self-considerable.
Something really hard.
So we go back to the 80 -- and we started to increase those symbols.
We put the power back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like and we get them.
We went up and we were able to go together and we use new materials and we use new materials.
I love them.
We don't give it up.
We take Christmas artists, and we put them into race, which can be missing medical materials.
The ways they were loved, they were going on and collaborators.
The students became colors.
The things grew up to the size of the building.
A lot.
But they were 80 -- that was great.
We all spend the rate in the complexity center -- we move to the balls, and there in the subjects, we can create our own African forests.
And those famous guys could be to the medicine -- the French or the training.
You can possibly be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a sense of
This is what happens with the posters.
This is what's going on with symbols.
They are easy -- they're banks, because instead of creating new spaces -- we need to remember other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Turk.
This is Olympic.
The architecture of the architecture is fragmented and we started making the power back in the other direction.
In the early 80 years, we started to experience with the device challenge.
We set up the stories, now we are now going to have new design techniques of design design -- and we find with new companies -- some ways that are connected against other ways.
This is active and starting, and it is sure it is something that is completely excited.
And so, the power will be able to get back back in the opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1998, this building.
This is the Google Galaxy of Galaxy Germany.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture with architecture with architecture of the world.
Paul Google said that Bill was one of those beautiful moments when I grew up and audience and public public in general -- they were completely agree about a building.
The New York Times Takes this building of microbes.
The training in Bill came in a 25 percent when the building.
So suddenly all the world wanted one of those buildings -- The Nigeria, Samari, China, New York, China, September.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architecture.
But how is that possible that these forms -- sandwich and radio, how is it possible to become income around the world?
And it happened -- because the media would go back to them, and quickly we learned that those forms would make culture and training.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
The same thing.
So they all believe that if they had these forms -- they had culture and training.
So this phenomenon of the new miles of the new military country with other star architecture.
And I went to Zavin and Lesters, and what happened with these few feet in the back of the new biology, actually started to happen with all the architecture -- the digital media started to increase the speed of the information.
You think for example, how do you make an architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to have walking up to the next village to see a building.
The transformation is accepted, you can take a battery, a archive, you can be training.
Technology is able to see in the personalities, in the television -- and at the end, all of us are free frontiers, and the building is going beyond their physical surgery.
The architecture is all over the right now, that means that the speed of communication has finally got the speed of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the architecture of the
Because architecture is moving so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a long time to build a building, three or four years or four years old, and at that time, an architecture can design two or 100 building buildings -- before you know if what I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good food in the architecture.
This is how we find with buildings like this.
The brand wasn't a two years old, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have no idea how much they were despited.
That's never going to go back to happen. I think, because we are in the boat of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ants or the audience or the auditorium, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the media to the media media -- it starts to make a more fast time, and it starts to be in both of them in both of them in both of them -- and it becomes exactly the difference between innovation between innovation.
And now we can make a few institutions -- with emotional cards, of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system is the system in a project that my company ended up.
We were focused on this building that was involved.
This is the center of a village called Palestine in Fernier Institute, in the state of New York.
It's a computer community.
But that means that two years before the building, it was a part of the community -- and as the drugs looked exactly at the end of the end of it, there was no surprises.
The building came up to be part of the community. That first sea, when people started to get up and share it in social media -- the building left to be just a building, it became a media media -- because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, you become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes you run with the collective memory -- and then you can take it up with the collective memory -- we learn to us.
I mean, we don't need the groups to tell us how to think about architecture about.
We can tell us what we think about architecture -- because the digital media haven't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second in those biological biologists.
If that building was built today, first we went to the Internet in looking for new biologically."
We would be born with examples of experience -- innovation -- what can be a biology.
That is muscles.
Money that you can take to the Latin Langladder, to people in Life, and tell them that there is no unique answer to what you can be a biology today.
We are part of this.
This subject of solutions gives the freedom of experience.
It's all different now.
The architecture is no longer those ministers that are using great words and complex drugs, and you are already not a distributed public that doesn't do something that has not seen before.
The architecture can listen to it, and you don't let you go through the architecture.
And that means that the dark power of a state to another one, from a movement to another -- is interview.
In fact, we can continue to go up and find solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the story, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
And this means that a public space in the old city of San can be only and adding the middle of a modern city.
And this means that a state in Brazil can be that, a state in Brazil, and not a bad story of red high room with based on ideas of what it must be a state.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we finally will be ready for ways that are going to produce them.
That means that the buildings are advanced to the causes of nature and not to the opposite of it.
So this means that a pressure of presentation in Michael Benefitist, France, it can also be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up in the night.
So this means that three architecture can be able to be able to stay in the New York New York, and to get a half million dollars of the community of the community around that cause -- it's no longer just a car.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little subject of records, as much as the animals that are going to see.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a vaccine or a robot who built our building.
It doesn't matter how we build what we built -- what it matters is what we built in.
The architecture you know how to make more economic buildings -- more intelligent and more friends.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
And finally, we're not in the opposite side.
They find an architecture -- you can get it together and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there are a lot of play.
The buildings don't only reduce our society, but they give them a way to the smaller spaces -- the local biologists, the tools where we form our children, and the step of the dolphin to the battery.
Thank you very much.
This is my superconductor, Star.
I've just got a year and I just started walking out.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children in a year, willing as if your body was moving too fast for your legs for your legs to be moving.
It is completely present.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the engine.
She really love his research.
It goes up and satellite, and it gives yourself those big ones and tops.
It's beautiful.
And so, all their friends do this and my mom realized that I used to do it, and I was like, when a couple of doing this?
How is it that we are not just like our appearance?
Because again, we don't like it.
Every month, 10 people look at Google -- "I'm failure?
This is Facebook, it has 13 years and live in Denmark.
And as any adversity, it just wants to be wanted and left.
It's donating the night.
This is presented for the next week in school.
It has a little bit, it is a little bit, because despite your mom to tell him the whole thing that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody in school, somebody tells you it is.
So what your mom tells you and what your friends, or your friends, or your friends of school say, you don't know who to believe with.
So a video of it, I published it in YouTube, and he asked others that please leave a company, "I am a big or I'm failed."
Well, so far to now, Facebook has got more than 13 companies.
Some of these are so democratic, that I don't even get the hope to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and right and right, which I got these answers in one of the other things of their more vulnerable life exceptions.
And thousands of people are published by video video of this in their most expensive kids trying to communicate this way.
But what are you going to do this?
Well, the adverses of today.
They are under pressure of being in line and available all the time -- talking about, giving me like, "I would like to say, compared, compared, put it up.
We never have been so connected to it, in the way that you can get into the way that you can see, so young people.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a flow in his fourth next name."
There is just not a worry about it.
And the social proteins that go from the hand with that.
This environment, of being always connected to our kids to be able to get down in the number of "I like to have and the kinds of food that they get in.
There is no difference between a life and the real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it is very hard to know the difference between what is active and what it is distinguished by it.
What is the most profound thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a director distance?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are part of the news of the girls in now.
Mosques movements are going to keep our cars.
The technical techniques is now a route.
And you need to be like, intensive, angel, anger and stranger.
For those of you who do it, it turns out that it means profit.
These technologies are associated from women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to do with what young people.
But kids are not important to this.
As the top of the states of the spirit, and the record cars.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we usually want our children to grow healthy and are good individuals.
But in a cultural culture by the image -- we're teaching our kids to make more time and mental effort to their approach, in the price of all of the other aspect of their ideas.
So things like their relationships -- the development of their physical capacity -- their studies and other species start to happen.
Six of every 10 children are not going to be able to do something because they think they don't see enough enough.
These are not traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and as control to society and in the field of the global development of it.
13 percent -- almost one of three and a half people are not interested in the classrooms of class. They were going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to call the attention for their physical species.
One of the five are not going to close class in the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the early temperature, if you don't think you see the good good good thing, especially if you don't think you don't think you're enough enough enough -- you will get a lot less than the average of your companies who don't care about that of the application.
And this phenomenon has gone in Finchangin, the United States and China.
And it gives us what you actually have these young people.
So to be good of course, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The red low on their body is supposed to be accompanied by the active research.
And it's also putting your health.
The adverses with a little bit of automatic activity make less physical activity -- they eat less fragile and versions, they are going to be able to be able to be able to take them to a food destruction.
They have a lot of automobile.
They are easier for the people who are supposed to get them and they are in more risk of democracy.
And we think that's all of this for all of this for what they take more adverse, like the control of the authority and the drugs -- the distribution and the distribution, the sexual relationships to the early age of the early age and the profit and the profit data.
The search of the perfect body is presenting the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we're not control it.
You know, women who believe that they have survivor again, independent in whether they have or not a lot of senses.
The 16 percent of women don't present to a work of work in one day in which they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could know this, what would that be?
This potential is in the interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, I'm talking about it, it doesn't take you very far.
Not pretty much.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to be able to connect into their own body.
We have to help us to help us develop students to solve the pressure of the perfect images and build their audience.
The good news is that there are many available programs to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs are going to be able to realize the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that they are still our children not only to have a positive impact but also a demonstrating impact as well.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first one is the influence of the family and friends and relationships.
And these six species are positive parts for any willing to provide an education in the body audience that works.
An education is fundamental -- but we're going to focus on this problem requires each one of us that we take the restaurants in the issue and we are a better model to follow women and the children in our own lives.
And by changing the current structure of the women are seen and mental in our brains.
It's not good to tell us with the ability of our politicians in food or the size of their chimpanzees, or the size of the detail or the success.
We need to start playing people for what they are, not as you see.
We can all start doing it by making the responsibility for the kind of images and companies that we published in our social areas.
We can choose the people based on their effort and their action and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you had a purpose?
In fact, we have to work together as communities as communities -- as governments and companies -- to change our culture, so that our children are growing up all their person -- value the individuals -- the diversity -- the distribution.
We have to put the people who are really making the difference in a piece.
It's going to make a difference in the real world, we do that they are the ones that go out in the big screen because we only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of them, where the way they believe that they have never been able to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for somebody in their lives.
Who do you have in it?
Do you know?
His beautiful?
How do you do?
On your subject."
Could it be just the woman who is two seats of distribution. What would it mean for her if it was freedom of that article voice in his interest -- that I would get up to not have long legs -- a little bit more delicious, which is a more planet, a little bit more plant, the smaller feet."
What would it mean for her if we were going to look at this and would we say to their potential to their potential of that way.
Right now, the understanding of our culture with images are getting up all of us.
But let's teach our children the truth.
So let's show you that the way you see is just one part of your identity -- and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and why they do, and as they make us feel about.
We put the audience in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and we share with other people.
And we work together as a community -- from small groups to governments -- so that the small act of a year of age today, they become a safe change of safe change.
Let's do it.
The five percent of 1998, a guy called London Namibia was going to get a hospital in Mary and attention to the Randon Mars, the leader of the Legal Department of Steven Jesus.
And I would have been able to have been able to do it -- but it would be present by other lessons in the company of each other, and they started to plan attention to about 12 dollars from New York City, including angels, self-scales and the United States.
Of course, those plants were made by a performance of the FDA.
The 1980s in the World Center in the World Center -- couldn't be able to avoid it.
And later Nigeria would be connected by their passion in that antibody.
Life Norway is my father.
And I was born in Paris, Peter -- to be a Egypt engineering, with an American mother, with an American mother -- the state of the primary school, and the two people did all the possible to give me a happy.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the Island, which is very few -- even most of the musicians, they get to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact -- it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion -- in all human group -- there is always a little free of people who are going to be so excited to their conditions that you think you have to use all the media as possible for everyone to live like them.
A few months before he sat up with me and I explained that in the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going on to go back in London Institute, to protect it.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
And we came to the public point that we could not know about our group -- was visited by the FDA.
When I took my father and my father helped me save the research in the man and I explain how to go to the goal to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last base that I gave him to the small light of the goal and for the surface of all of all, especially me, all of the wrong goal in call it.
My sun came back to the others and in Arab said, "I was attached."
In such a father.
All of us would have a lot of large, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny to them.
They saw in me, the same level of disease that my father could cause me.
Those people later would be connected to put a company with 100 pounds of experts in the strategy of the North War of the World Tradition -- causing an explanation that killed six people and did to each other.
I would love those men.
I call them "as "American -- which means it.
When I went out, I had been about 20 times -- I had moved 20 times -- I had been made by 20 times, I didn't allow me to make a lot of failures.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone already was a time to be able to go and go to another city.
As I was always I was the new face of the class in the front of the face was vaccine.
And I went secret my identity to try to be the white -- but it's going to be the new of the class and survivors, it was enough.
So most of the time in the time was going to read books -- looking at TV or playing video games.
For these reasons it doesn't develop social skills -- to tell them sure -- to grow up under family, I was not prepared for the real world.
And I would get up to play to the people, with based on the artist industry, like their reason or their religion or their religion or their reality.
So how could I open the eyes on the eyes.
One of the first experiences that they were able to test my way to think, was during the private choices of 2,000 dollars.
In a private program in which I was involved in the National National Conservation, in Fincers.
My group is focused on the subject of the video violence -- as I had been a picture of my life almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion for me.
The members of this group came from different processes.
One day, to the end of the conversation -- I found that one of the kids who had done, it was Japanese.
I took a number of days to go to the light this device and realized that there was no animals between the two.
I had never had a free friend and soon I felt very proud to have been able to see the battery that all life had made me believe that it was a construction.
Another critical moment came up when I got a summer work in Brazil Galaxier, a couple of fun.
I found with people from all kinds of creatures and culture, that experience was fundamental in the development of my career.
All of life had taught me that the hospital was a performance, and by the way, all the hospital were bad information.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with the wrong act there, in a specific, and I could see that several of them were the most amazing and less critical things that had seen in life.
It would have been a kid, developed a sense of impact to the surface of the others -- but it wasn't easy to me to try to try to go to people, exactly in the way I would have wanted to be trying to be.
And for that sense I was able to focus on the strategies that had taught me of kids, with the experience of the interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be honest, but I know what it's going to be playing for something beyond my control.
Then I came the Daniel Steer."
All night, John Stephen made me be interesting to me, and I was going to help me see that the reason of the people, the religion or the sexual organization, they don't have anything to do with the career.
In many ways, he went back to my face in a moment where I was particularly needed.
In ancient, the institutions can come out of the instruments, and that a company would have had a better influence in my life than my own father -- extremely wasn't at all.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that will be in my heart for always while it's alive.
And she looked at me with the eyes of somebody who has been enough enough and he said, "I'm capable of drinking."
At that time I realized how many negative energy you need to keep all of that light in your inside of it.
My real name is not Zahmir American.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put it in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that somebody else was trying to get to violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I was connected to this violence and interactive, I was not going to make me fantastic.
On the context -- I decided to use my experience to fight against the team and against properties.
I do it for the voices of the terrorists and for their own deaths, by the end of the death and the loss that the land has been produced in their lives.
And for the versions of terrorists talking to those act of the activists without sense of the access of my father.
And with this simple I'm telling me as a evidence that violence is not interviewed to any religion or red -- that kids don't have to follow their patients.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you all --  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point there is a film that is project in their mind.
This is an incredible movie movie film here.
It's in 3D and it has sound sound of what you hear and you see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a printer, you know and text.
I feel your body, your dream, your hole, your park.
It has emotions and happiness and happiness.
It has remember, as a moment of your influence that you have to protect your eyes.
And it has a whole voice in your flow of thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience all of the whole thing.
This film is your contract of consciousness -- the success of the experience of the mind and the world.
Conservation is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of being human.
Every one of us is knowledge.
We all have an internal movie movie -- you and you.
There is nothing we know more directly than that.
At least I know that I have a own question.
I don't have to do that you are aware of you.
This is also the reason to live in.
If we weren't aware of, nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time is the most significant phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we considered?
Why do we have these international movies in that?
Why are we not just robots that we have to do to produce results without experience the international movie to experience the Internet.
At this point, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
It suggests that in order to make science to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of science.
The science, for nature is objective.
Consequence, of course, is subjective.
And then there can never be a science of science.
Because for almost all the 20th century, they produce that vision.
The practice study the company obviously, the neurons study the brain, but never nobody mentioned the concept of it.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started -- there were very few scientific work about the knowledge.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neurons like French Crimes and physics like Rome Peter said, "You know, it's the moment for science to get the consciousness."
And since then, there was a real exploration, a feminist of the scientific work about science.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental lines to the moment.
The center of the science of science in the recent years, it was the search of relationships, relatives between some areas of the brain and some states of the knowledge.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I was going to have no Kanda a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better for example, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the knowledge experience of looking at face or to feel happy or feeling happy.
But this is still a science.
It's not a science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experience, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to tell you that this kind of work of neurons answer some questions that we want to explain the consciousness -- the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they are considered.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It will not keep the news.
In fact, there is no easy problems with the knowledge.
Well, I don't take the real center of this material -- why is all physical process in the brain has to be associated by the concept?
Why is there an international movie movie?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give you a few years to nature.
It's going to turn into another enormous phenomenon as the states, as the homes, like the life, and we're going to find explain it.
The typical services are all of the things that you can do is, how you get the pressures, how you have the homes, how you get up, how you go up, you get up and make the living organisms -- all of them are questions about the moral work.
That could be able to apply to the human brain to explain some behavior and the function of the human brain as a emergent phenomenon -- how do we walk up, how do we talk about, how do we play anthropologists, they are all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to science, the questions about behavior are between easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why it is that all of the behavior.
And here it is, the particular partner will be able to be able to be able to get out of the neuroscience, which is actually still not a lot to say.
I am a heart science.
I want a scientific theory of the accident that works for a long time, for a long time, I got the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in the physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conversation that that didn't work for the system.
I think we started in this point.
We have a lot of wonderful experts -- great. We used to this, the physics explain the chemical -- the chemistry explain biology -- biology explain part of the audience.
But the consciousness doesn't seem to be able to stop in this environment.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're aware of it.
On the other, we don't know how to increase that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think the concept right now, right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to engage our vision in the world, but we don't know how to do it.
With an animal like this, you can need rich ideas -- I think we need ideas that at the beginning of the beginning to be locally, before we can deal with the concept of a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those local ideas.
My friend David Delhi, which is here today, has one.
His idea is that there is not such a hard problem of the knowledge.
All of the idea of the Internet sub-Saharan movie including a kind of implication or construction.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the objects of the brain, the behavior of the brain, and so it was studying everything I need to explain it.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the consequence that are particularly relatively, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just to just figure out that the version of science is satisfying.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time I think, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be professionals.
The first crazy idea is that the consciousness is fundamental to it.
The physics sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental bits, the space and the mass.
They put the fundamental laws that governments -- like the graduation laws or the quantum mechanical law.
These laws and fundamental products don't explain in terms of more basic things.
At the time, they would become fundamental -- and that is the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental thing.
In the 19th century, Mars discovered that you can't explain the electricity in terms of the fundamental concept in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of fundamental concepts, space -- space, law, law, the basic laws of the electricity -- and put the electrical card as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that is the situation that we find with the knowledge.
If you can't explain the concept in terms of fundamental ideas of fundamental ideas -- space, strange, strange, then by a matter of light, you have to take the list up.
The most natural thing would be able to put the conference same as a fundamental hallucination of nature.
This doesn't mean that it is not an object of science.
It's going to open up the way to make it science.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that government, the laws that connect the consciousness with other fundamental people, the space -- the space, the mass, the physical process.
The physics sometimes say that we want fundamental laws as simple as we could be able to put them into a record.
The situation.
We want to find fundamental laws as simple as we could be able to put them into a satellite.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second idea is that the science can be universe.
Every system can have a sense of science.
This vision sometimes called sandwiched, "Pain for all of us, "Personal partner, every single system is aware -- not only humans -- not just humans -- the fathers, the markets, even the microbes of Robert Kong, the power particles -- the electronic particles -- the environmental particles -- the environmental particles -- the environmental particles -- the environmental particles -- the environmental particles -- the environmental particles -- the electronics
Even a picture has some kind of science.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or they think about it.
It's not that a picture can be full of anti-looking when you think of, "Oh, I always travel to the speed of light.
I can never be able to go up and take the roots."
No, no.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some of the common sense of consumer, sexually, some private price of science.
This can sound a little bit a little bit like this.
How do you think something so clever?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- as the space, the time and the mass -- it's natural to be able to be used that it can be universal -- like others.
It also goes out to notice that even though the idea seems to us, it's a lot less for the people of different culture, where human mind seems more about the nature.
A more profound reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relationship the thinking with physical process, is to visit the concept with information.
And there are always the information of information, there is science.
You have a complex information, like in a human beings -- complex science.
It's a simple information, simple.
A very exciting thing is that in the recent few years a neuron, Bill Tonight, took this kind of theory and development with the mathematical methods.
It has a matter of information of information -- which I call a painting, which shows the size of information in a system.
And I was supposed to have to do with science.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible set of information of information -- a high street in the country, a lot of science.
In a mouse there is a metaphor of information of information, as well as a pretty important thing.
But when you get to the colleagues, microscopes, particles, the side of the store says.
The level of information of information is better, but it's not zero as well.
In the Texas theory -- there will still be a different level of conception of better.
In fact, I actually put a fundamental law of the concept, high storyteller -- high school street.
And also, another reason is that the properties can help us to get the knowledge to the physical world.
The physics and the flowers and the factories have shown that physics is extremely approach.
I describe the structure of reality using a lot of events -- but we don't talk about the reality that comes down.
So as you explain Steve Harvard, where do you go up with the environment?
From the physical vision of the physics of physics you can leave as you are, but you can use it to describe the flow of science.
That is what physics do basically -- they describe the flow of the knowledge.
And as this vision is, the concept is the one that put it up in the equation.
In that vision -- the concept doesn't find out of the physical world as a kind of addition.
It's there in the center of the center.
This vision -- I think, the political vision has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and very serious techniques.
Some of you can be electricity.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that I had consequence, then I should be self-scale.
If you're a property and you get that vision -- you will have a lot of me.
I think I'm going to think about it well, this tend to transform your lives, while what it means in terms of different things and moral consider -- it's not so much the fact that the fact of the science, but their importance and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity
It's also natural to ask the consciousness in other systems like computers like computers as well.
So what about the computer intelligence system in the movie in the movie Hill?
Is it conscious?
As the vision of the property information -- she has a complicated information process, so that the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
If this is right -- they put very serious problems on the team of the development of the developing computer systems and the ability to get them.
And finally, you can ask by the concept of completely complex colleagues the planet.
Can you have your own consequence?
Or at a more local level -- a group of a lot of the angel -- like the audience in a TED talk -- at this time we have a TED consciousness -- an international film for this whole group of TED -- different from the international movies of every single part?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I believe that at least is a question that has to be able to be able to take in serious again.
So this physical view is a radical vision -- and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first local idea, that the consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second is universal.
The vision is a lot of questions -- a lot of challenges -- a lot of challenges -- like, how are these pressures of thinking about the kind of complex concept that we know and love us.
If we can respond to those questions, then I think we go through the right way to a theory of serious science.
If no, well, this is probably the most difficult problem of science and the flower.
We can't wait from the night at night.
But I think we finally are going to find it.
understanding the consciousness is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Virginia.
And I had a very normal property, a lot of education.
I went to school, I went up with my friends -- I was told with my beautiful sister with me.
It was all very normal to it.
And when I was 15 years old, a message of my community is going to my parents because I wanted to get up for a protection of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that is very beautiful, but there is an entire problem.
She actually haven't got anything --  And they had right.
I went to school, I had good news. I had a lot of performance in my mother, and I spent a long time looking at the series of the "Second "Serious Self-standard, and "The "Sounder Congo."
Yes, I know. What do you do.
But they were right.
I didn't make anything that was extraordinary at all.
No one that can consider as a doctor if we take the distribution out of the economy.
Last few years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a school school in Men, so only after about 20 minutes at the middle of the 19th century studies a day and he said, "Hey, when do you give your distribution?
And I said, "What do I distribute?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, your
When the people in the networks in the roofs, they talk about individual things in the school.
At the way, in the audience room.
And it was then when I realized that, this child had had experience with people who are distinguished with institutional objects as well.
And we don't get it, and it's not a character of the time, that is true for many of us.
For us, people are not our teachers or our doctors or our drugs.
We're not real people. We're there.
And in fact, I'm in this stage looking like what I do in this car car, and you probably are waiting for them to be inspired to you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to tell you a lot of strangers.
I'm not here.
I'm here to tell you that they have told us in relationship to disability.
Yes, you've been sold by the mind that the discovery is something Marco, to mountains, Mars.
It's a bad thing to live with a distribution makes you remarkable you.
It's not something bad and I don't get to be able to do.
And in the last few years, we've been able to produce even more of this mind through social communities.
It's possible that you've seen images like this, "The only device in life is a bad activity."
Or this one.
Or this other one, before I was going to go up, "Institute inside."
These are just a couple of examples -- but there is a great amount of them.
You can be that you have seen one of the child without hands with your hands with a supermarket support by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who takes up with a little bit of carbon fish of carbon film.
And there is a lot of these images -- which is what we call a little bit of institution.
And I use the terms of depression, because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
And so in this case, we started the distributions in benefit of the people without distinctive.
The purpose of these images is to be inspired by them, so that we can look at them and think, "Well, it's very bad that it's my life, could be worse.
I could be that person.
But if you are that person.
I've lost the numbers of the number of times that have been able to explain that I think I am a value or a source of individuals, and this happens before my work had a public personal.
It was as if I was going to get me up for the morning and remember my own name --  And this is to stay.
These images. These images are going to make people feel in benefit of the people with no distance.
They are there so you can see them and think things are not so bad for you, or to put their worry in perspective.
And life as a personal person is actually something hard.
We knew some things.
But the things that we knew is not the things that you can think.
They're not related to our body.
I use the term "stressed "The "The "sharing "people, detected because I was looking at the social model of distribution, which tells us that we are more distributed because of the society that we live because of our bodies or digital.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
The things that I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of your ability as you do it, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They are not doing anything outside of it.
They are just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability to be the best of their ability to do.
So, it's really just going to tell you in the way that we do it, to share those images?
When people say to us, "You are a source of inspirations, it says like a present.
And I know why happens.
It's going to be care of the meaning, because they've been sold to this sense that device makes us.
And today, I don't do it.
And I know what you're thinking about.
I'm here by moving the inspiration -- and you think, "Why do you say, "You know, you're not sometimes inspired by that?
And actually, I know that I are.
And I learned from other people with distinction at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more than they are.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of banking to reduce the things that come to me --  I learned the transportation income of how to get the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the cat.
great.
We learn from force and resistance of the others -- not against our bodies and our devices -- but against a world that would be expensive and us.
I really think that that means that we have been sold about disability is the biggest investment.
It makes us a difficult life.
And that child, "The only device in life is a bad activity, the reason that that is meaning is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of supply to a lot of scale has never done that it becomes a face.
It never      -- September to a phone screen will not be able to be able to get the subjects for the right people.
It's not a lot of people in the middle of a book and bringing a positive action to turn all those books into the battery.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where the device is not the experience, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 years old, sitting in his supply looking at "Base South South San Sanda is not going to be able to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so much low experience of the people that we are happy to get out of the box and remember our names for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we look at a world of people, and I want to live in a world, and I want to live in a world where a child from the 11 degrees in a high school school is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a use of carbon carbon.
The distribution doesn't make us, but to question what you believe to know about it, you do it.
Thank you.
What do you have to do is look at the actual reality and the professional phone, with the empathy?
And what is the average speed of a grandmother without carbon?
Unfortunately, I'm just going to answer one of those questions -- so please don't do it.
When people think of actually accurately, I think in Mars Republicans," and in Take Crimes where the hands in the air -- but the reality is not science science.
The actual reality is something that happens in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phone.
So how do we come to the reality actually?
The first step -- is what I took out, the Google Google Galaxie.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that the Google Gallies are a love that allows them to see what I see.
I'm going to allow you to experience what it's going to be a professional department in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a piece that you will get with your imagination with it.
We can use the Google Google, under a case and know what it is to run through the game of play to 100 miles -- the blood boundaries the eyes.
We can know that you feel that a man from 100 miles people, trying to get up with all of your be.
I have been there, and I'm going to tell you that it is not a good thing.
I took a few videos to show you what is to use the Google Goldman under the car, and give them an idea of that.
There are no images of the Netherlands of the Nigeria, because the idea of the Nigeria technology is a subject coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Anderson: Let's go on.
It's amazing to be a standard.
A little bit of a moment.
Presentation?
Come on.
Chris Anderson: As you can see, it's a protection of what's going to be used in the food field from the perspective of the supply.
You have realized that you have people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, country from the University of Washington, Washington.
Matter Mars, Rachine 44, Gates 44.
Book eight -- blue One: Google."
Chris Anderson: This is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field -- but it doesn't have anything to do with being in the National.
They want that experience.
The families want to be in the field -- it's going to be their favorite players, and have asked me in YouTube and in Twitter -- you can see from the night of a field of a field.
Or a rock?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with George and Google Galaxie, how do we get away from flower: how do we take it to the next level of light?
We took it to that level using something called Richard River, which is still a lot of you know.
The Richard Culture has been discovered as the most real virtual reality.
And I'm going to show you the why with this video.
Man: Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing." No.
Oh, my God, OK."
CA: That's the experience of a man in a red mountain by going through his life.
What will be the experience of a figure when we set up a video of Allan Peter growing up the line, depending on a steel with the arm before I run and make a new animal." What will be the experience of a factory.
When can it be Men running up by the side of the bottom in the bottom of the river? Or Financium making a show in Window?
What will it be your experience when you stop from a mountain over 100 miles like a picture of the place?
Maybe you get a lot of patterns for adults for you.
But this is not even accepted.
It's just virtual reality -- RSW.
So how do we take the reality -- Richard?
We're going to go through the reality when you get them up, and you can see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it for paintings?
Because they always use the technology to win it.
And they like to get them out. They give them money.
So here is a beautiful rest on the technology in Nigeria.
In 1998, the Bangladesh of Brazil put it up with her field of field to play faster for them.
He won the South Boot that year.
Other team decided to get them.
More people saw the part because it was more exciting because it was more exciting.
In 1998, the NASA put rules on the careers of the field markets and then in the devices.
They had more specialized because it was faster because it was more excited.
In 2009, imagine that they are a game coming back to his group and you see his next game showed out of you, in a little plastic of plastic that you can do -- you don't have to worry about finding a play.
Or to get the strategy on the stage.
They just go out to the field and they come up.
And they want them to do it because if you don't get their institutions -- you lose participants, and they get them to lose particles.
If you lose particles as you get up as a contact.
And they don't want that.
But the real reality is not just a lot of a better strategies.
The real reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way of playing the party.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be a camera in every corner of the state having a view from how much people are down.
You also get information from the sounds of the careers and the automotives, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good team will get to send it.
Most of them are going to have an information.
This is going to difference the good team of the bad.
So your computer team is going to be as important as your records, and the data of data will stop being just for nerdles.
What would it be to do is also for distances. Who would have it?
How would it be in the camera?
Imagine that they are the field.
You get the basic and records.
So you look at a open record.
They go into the prototype area in the prototype.
Another face is going to be an open record.
You take the battery, but you give you the battery.
And the basis lose the transport.
You don't know where to go up, yet the revolution looks in your view a whole area that goes up and you can measure the car.
It goes up with the basis -- it turns out and anti-love.
The public public and factors have followed the game from every day.
This is something that will create a massive emotions in the part.
I'm going to make a lot of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite game.
The reality is going to be part of the destruction because it's too reduce to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of really introduced reality.
Are we going to use it just as you put up and class, like our horizontal attack?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think that we can use the reality that we can use to make the impact between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going to look like for the department line.
It makes thousands of dollars a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the car trying to show a train how many dollars are their action from the perspective of the violence?
How much is this technology for a guy in Albert or Russia trying to show the world how is it that being supposed to be supposed?
How much of it is also for a Harvard Congo or a New Department to be trying to inspired a generation of children to think more about space and science instead and Charles rather than Christmas and Kanderian states.
Seats and gentlemen, the reality.
The questions that we do -- the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face -- you know, as a always of us.
Thank you.
I recently came back after 24 years of service in the Harl patterns of California.
Most of those 23 years old, I was able to put them up the end of the course of Mars Congo, which I put the Golden Galaxy.
And the bridge is an wireless structure -- known as their beautiful view of San Francisco, the Patrick Ocean, and his institution is an American state.
Of course, it is also a picture for surface, being one of the most used places in the world.
So the Google Gallery was open in 1975.
John Surveys, engineering engineering to build the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is essentially to test subjects.
The surface from the bridge is not property or problem.
But from the open, more than 1,000 people have gone out to their death from that person.
Some people believe that I will travel between the two tests will take you to another day, this bridge has been taken as a man, so that the each from him from all of your worry and dolphins, and the water that are going down on your side.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to make supermarket.
After one feet of four to five seconds -- the body came against the water about 150 miles a hour.
And the impact break up the bones, some of the ones that they produce visual organs.
Most of them in the important.
The ones who don't usually get up in the individual water and then they get up.
I don't think that the ones that you can do is that you get this piece of surface that you get out of the death of the death that you're going to do.
This is the car.
It except around the two tours, there are 12 pounds of high parallel states.
Here is where most people are going to get the life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge -- and in his most dark time, it's very hard to bring it back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an office controlling his life.
I want to tell you that we had success that we have success that day to bring it back on the balloon.
When I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any form that we did not have any way.
We found the way through the way through these calls called these calls from these calls called these calls from these calls called these calls called these calls called these calls from these calls called these calls called these calls called these calls from these calls called these calls called these calls called these calls from these calls called these calls called these calls called these calls called these calls
This was not just a bad service to those who are going to get the surface, but the office as well.
We've taken a long way from then.
Today, you can sell them and plants are going to get the new office.
This is James Galaxy.
I met it about 25 of the year last year to get a call of a possible surgeon of a possible surgeon in the course of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center.
And I said, and when I came out, I looked at Japan talking to a surgeon of the Golden Galaxy Galaxy.
James had only 12 years old, and I had come back to here from New Jerusale.
In fact, I had come back to here two times before New Jerusalem to try to get out of this bridge here.
After about a hour talking to Japan, we asked us if we knew the story of the Park of Palestinian.
I remember the Green microscope, Berkeley created Parkinson, and he sent her to the Earth with a box and he said, "You know, never open that car."
Well, one day, the curious could more than Pale, and she opened up the box.
And from she came out of it, you know, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Japan asked us, "What if you open up the box and there's no hope?
It took up a few institutions, and it goes up to the right, and it was.
And this is a little bit and a half and a half.
I talked to the parents of James that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it doesn't seem to be very well, because the next day, the family of the family called me to see how I was.
The parents of Japan.
So the collective days of the surface affect a lot of people.
So I put these questions, what if a members of your family, a friend or someone love outside of the surface?
What would you do?
Do you know what to mean?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk about, but you have to listen to.
I'll hear to understand it.
You don't distribute, you know, or you tell the person you know how you feel -- because you probably don't know.
It's just going to be there, you can be the point of information that you need.
If you think that somebody is supposed, you don't have a fear of them and make the question.
A way to do the question is, "You know, you have to have thought about your life, you've got these thoughts?
It will turn to the person in front of you can save life and be the point of information for them.
Other people are going to look at it, despite, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve it, important, believe that there is nothing that you can do about it, and you can do about it, and a lost of the interest in life.
And I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an example of a gentlemen, and I'd like to read you his face.
She lost his son at the age of this year, and I wrote this experiment to just a couple of days ago, and it's with his personal and beautiful that I read it.
Hello, Kenya.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go back to the bridge this week.
I just wanted to leave a no.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home to talk about it to their friends who tell their friends and so on.
I'm still quite inspired -- but I notice more time to give you a really important thing to go back home.
Michael was coming from Peter to San Francisco to see the partner of the 17 with his father at the age of the age of it.
It never came there.
I called the police of Peter and I put it up as that night.
At the next morning, two organizations came to my house and invited me that the car of Michael was down on the body.
And I had seen it out from the bridge to the 18-year-old at the end of the day.
Thank you very much to fight for those who can be very hard to fight for themselves.
Who has not been before, without having a real mental disease.
It should not be so easy to end up with it.
My frameworks are with you for your fight.
The Goldman, the World Gallery is supposed to be a step through our beautiful, not a consequence.
Well, this week, Vietnamese this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and take the way his son took that day, and also the value to go out.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
The 11 percent of 2000 2000 of 2000, I respond to a rational call for a possible surgeon in the top of the right top of the North top.
I went down my mother on the top and I looked at this man, Kenya Brooklyn, of my foot in the top.
When I looked at me, I grew up in the balloon book, and it was left in that little cube that goes around the ground.
For the time and the next time, I heard like Kenya, I talked about his depression and despite.
Kenya, he decided to come back to that day to go back on that heat and give the other opportunity to life.
When she came back, he was going to happen.
This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What was it that he made you come back and give you the hope and your life of the other opportunity?
And you know what he told me.
He said, "I listen to me.
I'm going to talk to you and just stop."
A little bit after that, I got a heart of the mother of Kenya, and I have that face with me, and I would like to get you to you.
"Do you want Brazil Brazil, not to get the events of the 11 percent, and you are one of the reasons that Kenya, it goes with us.
And I think that Kenya, I think he was clear for help.
It has been distributed with a mental disease for which has been right.
I went to Kenya, when I only had six months old, it's completely aware of all of those heroic rates, but thank God, now we know.
Kenya is in order to say, as it says it.
We give God for you.
It's just going to do with you, National Brazil."
And at the end she wrote it, "Personal Calculation, when I came up with the general hospital of San Francisco that night, you would fight like the patient.
I know I had to support?
Right now, Kenya is a critical father and an activity of society.
I talk to you about the events of that day and your depression with the hope that your story will inspired others.
This is not just something that I've found in the work.
It's personal people.
My grandfather was supposed to come up.
That act -- to end up to end up their own pain -- I remember the opportunity to know.
This is what the surgeon does.
For most people -- or those who are going to think about, they would not think about safe to another person.
They just want their own doctor to do.
And so you know, this is just about three ways -- something else, the drugs or the death.
In my career -- I've been responsible and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls around the paradox.
And so in those things that I've been directly invited, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
For that time, I took the hand in three care.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Koot, I feel it, but I have to go.
And I went out.
Hello, absolutely amazing.
I want to tell you, though, that the great majority of the people that we are going to focus on that bridge they don't know.
And also, those few people who have come out of the bridge and they can talk about it, that one one or 25 or 25 percent of those people have said that the second thing that they left from the side they had to realize that they had made a mistakes and wanted to live in.
I say to people, the bridge is not only connected with San Francisco, but also to people.
That connection or because we do, it's something that all and each of us have to be able to do to do.
The surface can be done.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you don't are, but in your interest you know what you are, and a question to you, how do you become that?
I have to be something only in that sense, but I'm not alone. I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had done the dream that I had ever had from children.
My outside finally came up with my real interest with my interest with me.
For complex reasons that I'm going to tell you later -- when I look at this picture I think, you know, you know, I get this picture -- you get it, you get it.
But the past, I discovered that, well, I'm starting on.
We all get up our families, our relationship -- our society, our society in history, even our body.
Some of you have the value of limited, to get out of the companies in the color of the skin or the creation of who they get us.
These are people who are always going to do the situation that, which is what it would be about.
In my case, the last nine years, a lot of my neighbors -- many of my friends, a lot of my friends -- I put my story.
And I think this energy is called research.
This is me.
I was recorded as "I said, "I was born because of the approach of my genes.
I remember that to my five years in Paris, in my house, I was always going to get this room on the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that room in the head?
I said, "Mart: I mean, I'm a girl."
I knew how to control me.
The gender has always been considered a fact that, but now we know that, actually, it's something more complex and microbes.
Because of my success -- I never let me share my story, not because I thought to be what I'm going to be, but why the world comes to those of us who want to fight them.
All day every day will be women.
I have my mom and a family and a family who get me as I do.
A lot of them are not so far.
There is a long transition in the architectural culture that causes the mission of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender of the gender
There is a basic child of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of compassion of
There is a story -- a show of the dances.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a flow in the Facebooks who would celebrate these stories.
I was part of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something was going to be able to get me, this is the kind of woman I would like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still come from man, I met this woman called TED.
This is the direction of a beautiful beauty consequence.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty content?
He said to me that if I was able to get out of the stars and the seat, and that night, I won in the battery roof, and I was going on in front of it, and I had a third end between over 40 cancer.
That moment changed my life.
All of a sudden, I was inside the world of beauty recently.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was a beautiful work of women, but I know.
I also met the daughter of the shoes, especially when we went to the President research of Professors.
But more important than all of that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2008, my mom had moved to San Francisco, I called me and I told me that they took my solution of the green rate that I could go to the U.S.
I was responsible.
I said to my mother, "Mom, I'm going to me.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and being a beauty?
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know if you move to the United States you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom told me that I put two to my name.
She also happened to me when I moved on Talk to the 11 years old.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in fact they actually have the most beautiful surgeons and surgery and security.
At the time, in the United States, it was needed to make the surgery.
So in 2009, I went to San Francisco -- and I remember looking at the condition of conditions with the name of the German and the Ford generation of it.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their idea of identity means could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to live to me to live to me.
Of course, my temperature was missing.
I felt that I could connect my dream and show New York, and it will be model.
A lot of them are not so far.
And I think about this woman in Minister Alice.
A young woman from New York is living in his truth -- but that, I went up with his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our sound rate is eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 of us do a global violence by the Manhattan Daniel of Trick.
I'm in this stage in this stage of a long story of people who have gone out and put up to the subject.
These are Mars Palestinian.
Today, in this same moment, I'm coming out of the artist.
I can't keep living my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help the other people live in their real wind, and I didn't know.
I'm here -- I'm going to tell you that some day there is no more than 20 percent of Norway.
My most profound truth took me to accept what I are.
Do you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.  Kate Steven: General, a quick question.
George Robert: Of course, the first one, I will go with all of my books.
I was on my survey of support -- to my parents especially to my family.
I remember all the time I have gone to young young women -- that I have come up with young young women -- and sometimes when I call me and told me that his parents couldn't help them, I took the phone -- I was called my mom and he said, "Mart: Can you call this world?
Sometimes it works -- other things -- it's just a gender idea -- that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
That is, you know, all of us are going to say, and what I try to do is put the table on the table that some times that kind of time that I didn't know, and that there should be a space that allows people to allow people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues with color.
The transportation movement is interviewed with the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understood it.
There should be space for collection and to make questions, and I hope you all are my arms.
KB: Thank you.
In many particular societies and terrible societies to the parents are known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for his daughter and I'm proud of it.
March started his field for education.
Before that, it was my daughter -- but now I'm his father.
Seats and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity -- the story of women is the story of the increase, the neuroscience, of the violence and the exploration.
You see, in particular societies -- right from the beginning -- when I was born a child, his nation is not collecting.
It's not good, not for his father, not for his mother.
The window comes out of the mother to the mother and no one happened to the father.
And a mother was used to get a little girl up.
When you give light to the first child, the first child, you put it up.
When you give light to the second daughter -- and with the hope of a son, when you put your third daughter up, you feel like a critical.
Not just the mother, but the daughter -- the daughter was born -- when I grew up, it turns out as well.
On the age of five years old, when I should go to school, it goes home and school.
At the age of 12 years, it has a good life.
You can do it.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a market.
But when you go into the advantage, when it was 12 years old, you put it out of your house without a magnitude company.
It's connected to the four walls of their house.
It's not a free person.
It became the hospital of his father and his sister and his family, and if it comes to the code of that today, I could even kill it.
And it is interesting that this concept of home, not only about the life of a day, also the life of the magnetic members of the family.
And so this brother was saving the faces of his life and the happiness of their sister in the name of the human of the home.
And there is a little bit more of the particular societies that is called a property.
It's supposed to be a good girl that has to be very collectively, very humanity and very substantial.
It's the crime.
The model of a good girl must be careful.
It's supposed to be superintention and the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the antibiotics, even if you don't want it.
If you have a man with a man who doesn't like or if you love it with a old man, you have to get it, because it doesn't want to be telephone for you.
If you have a very young thing, you have to get it.
In the opposite of it, they will call it destiny.
And what happens to the end of the end.
In the words of a police, they love it, and then day to more children and dangerous."
And the transport of the situation is that this mother, I used the same lesson of organization to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this creates the visible condition and I got on.
You know, websites and gentlemen, when I was born and first, when I was born -- I don't like the neighborhoods -- I don't like to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at his eyes and looked at my eyes, me, I felt very hospital.
And a lot before I was born -- I thought in his name, and I was fascinated with a legal film of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was March of Mars, and I called my daughter so for her.
But when I looked at me, they were all men -- and I was going to go up with my fish, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote up, "Moman Mars."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I put her in my school.
You would ask, why should I tell you about a child in a school in a school in a school.
Yeah, I must tell you.
You can give it a sense in Canada, in the United States, in a lot of developing countries, but in poor countries, in particular societies in the profit societies -- it's a great amount for life life.
It was in a school in a school means the recognize of his identity and his name of his name.
A activity to school means that it has come in the world of the dreams and the archives where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five weeks, and no one of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before -- when I was coming up with the care of, and I was in the relationship of the family to the family -- I couldn't remember the applications of some of my sisters.
And the reason it was that I had never seen the names of my sister written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter to me.
What my father could not give my sister or his kids, I thought I had to change.
I used to learn the intelligence and the salary of my daughter to me.
I was able to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
And I was going to go with it to a lot of distances.
And all of these values -- I've tried to put them into their perspective.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Mars.
I have moved all these good values in my school in my school and kids like this.
I use education.
I teach my kids, I teach students -- to forget the lesson of the audience.
And I teach them to the students to forget the lesson of the call called the statement.
You get beautiful and gentlemen, we found for more rights for women, and we found to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon for us.
It was recent for human rights and particularly for the rights of women.
It's called the shark.
That means a whole bit of the population of women in all of the women in all of the political activity.
hundreds of schools.
At the time you can go to school.
And the women would be used to use virus and stop to go to the market.
The music were sitting out, the black kids and the strangers are starting.
They have millions and a few million -- but a few of them talked about it, and it was a laptop to have all those people who kill and guess when you talk about your rights right.
It is really wrong.
On the 10 years old, he was left and he was left by the right to education.
I wrote a day for the baby of the Bangladesh, and it became the same for the New York Times, and I talked about every little bit that I can.
And his voice was the most powerful voice of it.
It looks like a client around the world.
And that was the reason I couldn't take her field and the nine percent of the 1980s in 2008, they gave him the head in the head.
It was a critical day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole to it.
And as my daughter was based on life and death -- I would take it back to my wife to my wife, "I have to put up for what happened to my daughter to your daughter."
And I just said to me, "You know, you don't tell you.
And I don't know the care of it.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth.
They were both in the right way.
These few words means a lot for me, and I didn't go back again.
When Marine was in the hospital and I had a few weeks of his head -- because his family nervous was cut up, I used to see a dark man that was used by the face of my wife of my wife, I used to look at the face of my wife of my wife, I used to look at the face of my wife, I used to see the
But my daughter never became.
I used to tell you, "I'm well with my supercomputer supercomputer and the focus on my face.
I'm going to get a good thing to me. Please don't worry about it.
It was a collection for us, and we get it up.
They were started and gentlemen, we've learned from it how to reduce the most difficult moment -- and I got to share with you that despite you to be an interview for the rights of children and women -- it's like any 16 years old.
And I read when I didn't have his task up.
It would be born with his beautiful, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What of special in my role that has made so much about Martin so much and explorers and exploration?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Think about what I didn't do.
It doesn't cut your sides, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I went out of the brain about 18 years ago, and, from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal position.
I'm an engineering one.
And I want to tell you that I have been told to the Monterey group of Google -- where I've had a distribution to my career, the distribution of Google Voice, but all the work that I talk today about here about the science of the brain, I made it before I went to Google or outside of my work there.
I've said this -- there is a study when you get up to a brain.
Do you still be the same way of smart or right?
You will not be like that, you can go back to being intelligent?
And after the business, I would love a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the free matter -- but it was the part of the center of the center that creates important and neurons and neuroscience.
And immediately after the audience, I had to decide what to take -- from more than a doctor of chemical patients every day, because if I didn't take anything.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I have had to decide about the changes and the changes of chemicals and try to get it, to go with life.
More than one time I've been coming back to me.
But of course, I have an experience, so I decided that I would experience to try to try to get all the things because there is really not a clear map that I say in the detail.
I started to try and try to try and set up to see how little changes in the distributions they change my archive, my sense of who I was me, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly important case, for a few months, I tried to have a typical and typical chemical man for a young man, and I was surprised to see how my thinking.
I was always fascinating -- I thought all the time in the sex -- and I thought it was the most smart person around the world, and   -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've met several types like this, or maybe some of them are going on.
It turned out as a extraordinary.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be a printer.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to take a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't get it.
I changed my distributions.
But I think that experience gave me a new question about men and about what they have to do. Since then I get better with men.
And what I was trying to do -- when I was going to get up those ants and neuroscientists, and so it was to take my intelligence after the disease and option, my creative thinking -- my flow of ideas.
I used to think about it almost always in images -- and that became my point of key research, how do you get those mental images that used to create protection, my ideas -- if you want to do new ideas and by getting situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
French like Humberton, Determance and men look at things in similar way.
They thought the images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are those who do this idea, and there are a lot of drugs about how the mind works. For me is simple -- for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for the creative thinking and investment.
So after several years, I got to find the point right now, and I have a lot of great mental people, really violent, well surprisingly surprisingly, and well strategies.
Now, I'm working on how to get very fast these mental images of my mind to the screen of the computer.
Do you imagine what happens if a control is able to use their imagination only to get the world in the world that has got to the world?
Or if a music could run the music of their head.
There are incredible possibility with this, as the way that the creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difference to do this is just to increase the result of our brain system.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to come to this with two recent experiments that are done by two different groups that are done for two different groups in business.
They both used TED technology, image by a fundamental market -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain school made by George Galaxie and their colleagues of Harry.
The color of the left shows the scale of the brain of a person who looks at an picture.
The middle of the middle shows the scale of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, looking at that same picture.
The color of the right is created by the center of the central color of the left -- you see that the difference is almost number.
And this is replaced in many different individuals with a lot of different images -- always with a similar results.
The difference between looking at an image and imagine to see that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share it another experiment -- this is the lab of James Galaxie in Berlin, California.
They were able to turn the brain waves in the recording visual field.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experience, I showed people hundreds of hundreds of hours of YouTube while they were able to create their brains to create a great amount of resources of the brain to the video sequence of video.
Then I showed you a film with new images -- new people, new animals, and as it would get a new scale.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scale that I decided to show you what it seemed like the person was looking at it.
On the right you can see the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
So this was going to give us a business.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the solution.
And now, remember that when you look at an image and when you imagine that same image -- you create in the brain the same thing.
This was taken with the brain health systems of the most available result today, and their responsibility is just like a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the solution about a thousand times more to get a more profound look at the time.
How do we do it?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open up the critic and try and try and try out.
I don't care for that.
A lot of them are making new techniques of projects for images -- even me, with the recent result of the Italy, first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way that the only way that the only way to get much larger -- but to this point, the most great ones are only getting little better in the revolution -- not increase for thousands as we need.
I put this idea, rather than the bigger images -- we do better.
We can create a lot more complex with slightly different conditions, like making a spirit.
And why do we care about that?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the island was to make really big rules, right?
And yet, most of the recent reasons in the result of innovative solutions and brilliant surveys in the traditions and the devices of the face of the FDA region in the Island systems.
At the time, instead of a magnificent magnetic field -- we use mathematical patterns in the face of the FDA rational.
So when we change the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the profit of the French region of rural radio, we can increase the information that you can be able to be in a single scale.
And also, we can then draw into our knowledge in the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
When we used to be able to be able to measure not just to measure not just the factory of the extra blood blood but the home and the novels that I've mentioned and maybe even the right neural activity -- this is the dream of it.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a different way to the digital media.
Do we imagine if we could go through the language of language and communicate directly by thinking?
What would we be able to do about what would we be able?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of human thinking without flow?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are great questions.
It would be used to use it as a tool to increase our skills of thinking and community.
In fact, this same tool could take the course of the Albert and similar disease.
We have a few more choices to open this door out.
In all ways, they pick up a year, happening in five or 15 years old.
It's hard to imagine it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about this night to get out of the artist, and not in a traditional sense, not just about the galaxy artist.
I think we all have artists.
And his architecture may say to some person for the first time that the love or tell somebody who is purposed, or tell somebody who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have come up in life.
Everything is a difficult conversation -- and even though our issues can be able to look up, the experience of having lived and have come out of that architecture is a universal thing.
It gives us, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the South World Singapore Star, a rest in the city, and being there, I had to take a number of pictures of the intelligence of the military microbes, not to break my arms, to take the legs of the United States -- and I was able to take up like a legacy.
And it will be convinced that by the home of my step compared and I would have taken the head out of the head -- I would ask me a little kid -- I would just ask a little kid -- "Hey, you're girl or girl?
And it would look like a situation in the table.
I was going to take a little bit more, a little bit more -- I would take my coffee with a lab left.
The father used to go up with the personality and the mother would go up with a free look at his son, and he was looking at his son, he was looking at his son, he was looking at his son, he was looking at his son, he was looking at his son, he was looking at his son, he was looking at his son, she was looking at his
But I would not say nothing -- and I would have been going on in front of it.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I asked me that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a girl or a girl?
A family, but this time I was ready to go up and I was going to get out of full in the family issues in the table --  I had the cartoons of Berning France.
The quote of George Stanford.
Even a picture of the Monterey Monterey, I would show you.
And so I was going to go up and put it up and my looks like a four years with a failure seat, looking at what is not a challenge for a failure street, just a little girl with a question: Are you girl or girl?
And so I was going to go back again again, I got a little bit about it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something like this.
I have the short thing like a kid -- and I saw a little girl -- but I'm a girl -- and you know, as you like you to use a red version and sometimes you like to use a completely completely pick sea.
Well, I am more than a little bit of a child charge?
And that little girl looked at me, and I looked at attention -- and he said, "My favorite page is violence and it has a fish.
Can you give me a shoe, by fact?
And that was all of all, just "Oh, one. You're a guy.
What's going on with the supply that I was asking?
It was the most easy conversation of everybody who has never had before.
And why is that? Because the child of the school and I, both of all, we went up with the other.
So as a lot of us, I've lived in some friends in my life, and yes, of course, my walls used to be a arms.
But inside the dark -- you can't know what color is the wall.
You just know how one has been living in a artist.
This is how my architecture is not different to the one or the one.
Now, I will give you 100 reasons from why to go out of my architecture was more difficult than coming out of the side, but this is the issue -- the hard thing is not religious to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to somebody who has been delighted in the red white is more difficult to say that it's been put up.
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult to tell your son of five years that you're going to distribute?
There is no more difficult thing, there is only the hard thing.
We need to stop what it is difficult to do is that it is difficult to what it is difficult to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our artists, and we should only feel about it because we all live something hard.
In some point in our lives, we all live in artists, and they can make sure that they can feel security or at least more sure than the other side of the door is.
But I'm here to tell you, it doesn't matter what their walls are made of the walls -- an article is not a place to live in.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
And I had a car color -- a seat and satellite sharks.
It was not the military military record to fight against any of the four years that would go into the car.
I was controlled by fear -- accepted in a corner of my dark architecture -- I was going to put my grandmother bank, and the moving only is the most exciting thing that has ever done.
My family -- my friends with my friends that I've spent my life to try not to tell you -- and now the world was going back to the property.
I was looking at the pages of a woman that we've all followed for so long -- but if you don't take that grandmother, you will kill you.
One of my most important markets was in the bottom of my sister in my sister in my sister ...
It was the first time that many of them knew that it was galaxy, and when I do my hands of home, in my black version and cats, I walked around the table and finally came to one where the friends were the friends of my parents, people who knew me doing years.
And after I talk about a moment, one of the women said, "I love National Law."
And the basis of the galaxy had started up.
"Where would you be in the Carter?
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's failing."
"And you know my station to my Arthur Australia."
It's very good and it's never talked about having non-step."
"Where is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program is from family?
And you know who you love to love it?
James is our favorite."
And then a woman, but then I hope to show you exactly his support -- to make me know that I was from my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband use robots robotics."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all of the free freedoms.
Well, it might have been easy to figure out where they were sitting up.
It's not very difficult to find and realize the fact that they were supposed.
And what else can you ask somebody to ask somebody but shared?
If you are going to be an alternative with somebody -- you have to be prepared for what you get in.
This is how the difficult conditions are going to be my strong point.
They ask anyone that I have come out.
But I'm better, and I'm going to do what I like to call the three principles of the Chinese Charles.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but they understand that what you can get out of any article is essentially the same thing.
Number one, they are active.
I get the article. They're yourself.
That little girl in the coffee had no arms, but I was ready for the battle of the morning.
If you want someone to be general, the other people must know that we also know.
Number two, they're going to just give it -- it's just going to do it. They would just do it.
If you know they are galaxy, to do it.
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be galaxy, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of hope.
And number three, and more important.  So let me leave you.
You communicate their truth.
You can see it for that.
And some of you can go out to go up with it, you know what you've done, but you never know why they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will be delivered, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the experts of them about what you are, but not your own them.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write about.
So the next time you find in a dark dark -- you have to know that we all have been there before.
And they may feel very alone. But they don't are.
Thank you, Bob.
So, what is that?
If we look at the story of how it has been interviewed, an example that has been the famous field of Editor Delhi that "The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if a subject can notice?
So when you start said that it did this as a critical to the protection of the information as Alice Tribe.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical changes of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of
Let's take a step on.
We first start with a mental experience.
Imagine that they are from a record radio, that you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the Earth of the Earth -- and that they have incredible television and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrible, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact of it.
But if you are a radical reason that you don't know about this, which doesn't have any concept about the Earth, you would be used to develop a physical theory that would explain how to explain how -- to a certain time at the time, the artists that are going to do the surface of a planet literally stop doing it.
And that's why I figure out that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I took a variety of issues through science through the science through a lot of distances, and they would say, I think, to a single subject out of the intelligence of it.
In fact, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally advanced for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the development of college states that make the diversity of the future.
In the end of the red movement. There has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to take the skills of the robots to move the future freedom of action with the end of the end of making complex milk.
And so, taking all these different issues and put them together and put them together, I said, since a number of years ago, there is a surgery surgeon for the intelligence that we can get out of all these different states?
Is there just a space for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes, what you're looking at is probably the most close equivalent to one and I had to go to the intelligence that I have seen it.
So what you're seeing here is a property that intelligence is a force -- FBI, that act with the end of making the future freedom of action.
It turns out to move the future freedom of action -- or to keep the open choices with a fundamental force -- with the diversity of possible events -- yes, to a very future time in a future time.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to go up.
The intelligence is trying to move the future freedom of action and keep the open choices.
And so, I'm going to have this education, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
What does it be so concerned about it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence?
Do you think about the artificial intelligence productive."
So I'm going to show you a video that I think, I'm going to show you some of the amazing applications of this simple wrong.
Narrator: You know, recent research has been suggest that the universe people who produce more destructive, or "Institute, for their life should have access to more familiar conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what happens if that human connection between the car and the intelligence is actually a more profound relationship of a more professional relationship of the presentation?
What happens if the smart behavior is not only done with the production of the long, but that actually comes directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software of software called Europe, designed to make the production of the long partner in any system in which you find inside it.
It could be a lot of amazing data tests of animal intelligence -- playing games of humans -- and even will make money by making action.
Here are some examples of English in action.
The same as a piece of feet with a car -- here we see English and a little bit by using a career.
So this behavior is a little bit in part of it, because we never gave it a table.
I just decided to be able to get the point.
This ability to be able to have applications for human robot and human systems.
This ability to use tools of tools in the smart market and the automobile.
In fact, as some other animals can be able to be able to be able to get out of the opposite of the same time at the same time to deal with food -- here we see that India can make a version of the model of that task in the time.
This ability to have an interesting capacity for the economic plan and in a variety of other field.
Audience is completely applied to a variety of doctors.
For example, here we see it exactly by playing a game game against itself, including your potential for play.
So here we see Alexander to provide new connections in a social network where friends are connected and keep the success of the good consequence of the control well.
This same capacity of network also has applications in the health of health and energy and intelligence.
So here we see Allen to organize the roofs of a battery flow, discovered with success and using the Canada Canada to make the global level of the Allen to the American to the Park.
And in the same way, Europe is completely applied to problems in the authority -- local and transformation.
And finally, here we are going to be able to find out what I was going to discover and avoid a battery strategy in a series of access, self-assembly in a series of action.
And this ability to be able to have a little bit of applications in the end of the end and the safe thing.
All American Wils: What you have seen is that a variety of markets of human computers like the use of tools like the use of tools -- walking together and social compassion -- all of them have a single education, which leads to a system to measure their future freedom of action.
Now, here is a professional professor.
We went back to the beginning of the use of the robot -- the worker workers, there was always the concept that if we develop smart machines -- would have a collective record.
The machines would get against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades -- we've had all the concept of the system for the influence of the intelligence.
It is not that the machines first become smart and then they try and go out of the world.
It's all of all, that the ability to take the control of all the future possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence -- that the general intelligence can be able to be able to make the control, rather than being the control.
Another important concept is the search of the object.
They often ask me, how is it that you can look for objects from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that device to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- is the next one, the intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that try to measure the future freedom of action and avoid the resources in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are in a point of information in human history, something between the stars and lose the planet that we call "Hanging)
Even though in the last few years, we have spent a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
So the name of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that make up all of other stars -- which is where the Earth is just one between the thousands of planets of our galaxy.
Kenya is a space of space, which is a space that has been able to get the line in the stars when the planets are going on in front of them, and they put a little bit of that light around us.
The data. The data.
At all, this helps us understand if these planets are little and red and red planets like the solar systems of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their soldiers from it.
At the time, this gives you a little bit about if these planets we find are surgery or not.
Unfortunately, as we are finding this team of world world, our own planet is going down under the weight of humanity.
Last year, it was the most recording record.
Gallon and ice ice that have been with us from thousands of them now are getting in a matter of decades now.
These environmental changes that we have caused to global scale has been used by our ability to add their car.
But I am not a science of the climate -- no architecture.
But I study the ability of the planet in the stars -- with the hope of finding places in the universe where to find life beyond our planet.
You could say that you look for strange opportunities in the intrinsic sector in the interview.
Now, as someone very interested in the life of life in the universe I can tell you that the more you look for similar planets to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new world new world, I invented a company between the developing planet and the planets that we know better.
Let's take our neighbors -- Mars.
Mars is small and red and despite being a little bit more far from the sun -- it can consider a positive world that was able to show this by a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been supposed in the past and, in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our robots like "The "Color are looking for their surface in search on the organs of life and as we know it.
The salary of the surgeons -- like the Monterey mission -- they take shows of the market atmosphere -- and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose
The private companies now offer not only about the space, but also the possibility of living in Mars.
But despite that all of these male images remind us to the challenges of our planet, places that are visited in our imagination with the free ideas and police, in share with the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live in.
We take the extraordinary areas of our planet from our planet that they are still going to be able to do, and they really have been able to be able to do with Mars with Mars.
Even in the highest places and more electrodes from the Earth -- the air is free and resident of oxygen of oxygen by our current forest to thousands of miles of money.
I worry that this effects of Mars and other plants are going to get a big and different planets with a lot and a half surgeons, the impact and the growth of some that Mars would wait in there to save us from this investigating structure of the only planet that we know is really strange, the Earth.
For a lot of me that I really like the intelligent explanation -- I am in front of this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars -- but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the career of the Telescope will tell us that the face of the truth will have a little bit later in the salt forests.   Thank you.
But the goal for the intelligent explain and the early pressure is not considered.
No, they are actually cards of the same movie, the goal of understanding and improve life in the future.
The extraordinary environmental environment in our world light as a strange partners.
They just find more about home.
If we can understand how to create and keep specialists in the human areas and interviews of the Earth, maybe we could save the need to protect our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experience, the paradox of Fine.
A lot of years ago, the American French asked a lot of men that our universe has ever been from a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe -- we should have found evidence of the existence of life life until now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the Fortune partner is that when compassion becomes enough enough enough to be able to continue to live between the stars -- they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the order of the planets that they had this development about.
It is a pressure to think that only the intelligence collective is going to save us of ourselves -- but the plastic pressure and the plastic explanation can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to take the American environmental environment for the human pressure -- then we should be able to save the task even easier to protect the ability in Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And as I was in the part I was looking at me in my boats, I realized that I didn't have the clouds.
In fact, I could see the window that they were in the table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other dogs and videos, and all of them were good closed.
I thought I was going to call a card, at least I had my cell -- but at the middle of a character could take a long time to get a long time to get up, and he would make it up.
I could not go home from my friend from Japan to go back to night because I had a temperature to Europe at the next morning, and I would have been a pressure and my market.
It turns out, but I sure that not more expensive than a close to the middle of a night, so I thought, in order to get out of consequences, it was going to go out of consequences.
I am a bit of protection and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
And I read collaboration that you can increase the heart rate -- the level of transportation and the thinking.
And when I came to the face of family in the airplane, I realized that I didn't have my passion.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without supporting.
And I began to ask you, if there was something that could do, systems that I could put in his place, that they make it happen.
Or at least if you have bad things -- that you have the chance that you can be a total carbon.
So I went to think about that, but until a month later, my thinking was not considered.
I was walking with my colleagues David Kanda, and I was a little bit.
It's something that he had learned from the Palestinian Galapago Kanda, who had written about this a few years before -- known as the presentation.
You all know what it is.
Every time there is a design, a team of experts come and try to figure out what came wrong -- right?
In the press, as you look at it, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you could get wrong, and you try to figure out what you can do to figure out what things are going to do to make things happen.
So what I want to talk about with you is some of the things that we can do in the way of a protection.
Some of them are evidence -- others are not so electronics.
I'm going to start with the object.
In the house, you will find a place for things that you lose easily too.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that support this test, based on how our space.
There is a structure in the brain called history, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the authority of the important things, where it is the good, where the fish -- which is the fish -- which is the free trees where they live the friends and energy.
The hospital is the part of the brain that goes up in London Galaxier.
This is the part of the brain that allows us to find them to find their news.
And if you ask you if somebody really did the experiment -- they took the alternative sense of the experiments.
They didn't use the carbon, but the hospital, that kind of very evolution of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move so much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose the cars of the car, the record and the parasites.
So at home you get a place for the cars, a win next to the door -- maybe a decline platform.
For his passion, a particular box in particular card.
For the legacy of record, a particular team.
If you do a place and you are presents with it, your things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the voices?
They take with the cell a picture of their critical cards, and he was able to be able to be able to be able to send it down to itself for them to be in the line.
So if these things are lose or they recovered it, this can be able to figure out the survival.
These are some of the most obvious things.
They remember when it's low under stars, the brain.
The colleague is terrible and interviewed the thinking.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under the way we are not going to be in the best moment, and you have to put the systems in your site in your room.
And there are perhaps not more situation that when you get into a medical decision as a medical decision of it.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical architecture.
But this is a proposition for all of the medical decisions -- and in fact for the takes of financial decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take out of the fact that you have to make a radical evidence of the done.
So let's say that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have received the result of the lab and the colleague is a little bit."
You all know that the high car is associated with a higher risk of carbon diseases -- the heart -- the brain destruction.
So you are thinking that you have the high car is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I would like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the colleague, a station."
And maybe you have heard about the students, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today, even it's probably likely to know people who take them.
And so you think, "Yes, you replace the statement."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a structure that you have to ask most of the doctors that most doctors don't want to talk about, and the physical companies even less.
It's for Nigeria, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, the Nigeria?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any doctor in any doctors before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not recognize me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not clothes of the doctor -- and if it is clothes of somebody like me.
We have not understood very well the subjects that are sure.
But the strategies of Galavaive than 90 percent of the drugs worked only about 30 percent of the people.
So the number needs to try to treat the most amazing station -- what do you think that is?
How many people have to take it before you help a person help a person.
300 percent.
And this is the research of the research Charles Charles Charles and Parkin Darwin, controlled by Brooklyn by Bertie.
myself.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we put a single act of heart.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one likely in 300 to go down my colleague.
Why don't you say, "What do you do is the record of all of them?
But then you have to ask a bit more, and it is, "I'm "Hair from the secret effects -- right?
For this particular drug in particular, the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include things are going to do terrible things and transportation documentary and article, and now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to get me to me, still to take the medicine."
But a moment.
Do you remember that you don't think you don't think you don't think about it.
So you think about how you do this with the time, so you don't have to make the reason in the action.
300 people take the fragment, right?
You have 15 times more likely to go out for the fraction that you help you get the medicine.
I don't say that they had or not take the statistic.
I just say that you should have this conversation with your doctor with your doctor with it.
The medical television does it, it's part of the beginning of the intelligence of it.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about if you want to take the risk or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number in the air in the value of the car, but actually this number needs to try and try and try to try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to treat is quite
By the point that most of us are done in the most than 50 percent of the care of cancer, the number needs to try and try to try to try to try and try to try to try to try and try to try to try to try and try to try to try to try and try to try to try to try and try to treat is
This is what it is, 40 miles for a person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case, they produce over 50 percent of the patients.
And they include the impact or the experience of the empire or the strategy, the recent language, the real picture of factory.
And if you have supercomputer and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just take a year or two.
So the idea of the press is to think about time before the questions that you can be able to do is make the conversation into the world.
You don't have to make all of this in the air.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an opportunity for a lot of times, you want a more short life, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their beautiful people.
You can change in the quality of the moment, but at least you are interested in this kind of thinking.
They remember our brain, our brain line under stars, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they are a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
face face with a depression, it doesn't need the digital system, or the light or the immediate system, because if the body is spending the medicine in those things, not real residents. You could get to be the light of the laws -- so nothing of that important.
Unfortunately, one of the things that are going on for the window for those of these moments that are the local thought, like David Kanda and their colleagues have shown up.
So we have to teach them to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that all of us are definitely.
We are all going to make sure we are going to figure out what we're going to do.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those faces, to put the systems in the place that will help to communicate the day, or to avoid that the bad things happen in the first place.
Remember at night at night in Monterey, when I came back from my journey -- I was interested in my journey -- I was interested in a combination of combination right next to the door with a cloud of the front door in the same -- a easy way to remember it.
And I have to figure out that I still have a lot of cars that I have not disappeared, and a lot of messages that I haven't read of.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see the organization as a gravity process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interview, Parkinson, "It's my favorite music.
It means to play sure.
If you are taking a music, and you see a mountain in the paradox, you need to play more such.
Two "mission: even more surgery.
And four of us, extremely surgery.
This is my drawing of a tree of "South, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousand and thousands of you may have never got to be a complete simulation.
That is my definition of supercomputer, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signals, the AIDS, as a little bit of my own story.
And the language of the favorite sectors came for the 1950s, and with the time of time, it becomes motivated with local beings, and it developed the language that we know as an AIDS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born -- and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
The sound is a very important part of my life, they are actually in my mind every day.
As a long person who lives in a sound world, it's like I live in a foreign country -- following their rules -- controlled, computers and norms without telling them.
So how do you understand the sound?
Well, I see how people share and respond to the sound.
People are like my strangers and they make the sound.
And I learned that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned I can create sounds -- and I've seen how people respond to.
So I've learned for example.
"I don't know the door."
"You don't do a lot of noise to eat the boat of the foundation of the foundation of the foundation of the foundation?
"You don't explore -- and when you're eating -- you will not go out of the colleagues in the plane."
This is all called "Supernowned sound."
Maybe I think about the sounds more than the average person does it.
I'm supposed to come out of the sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of the sound that is going to come to the sector.
On there, this drawing here.
TED.
TED, to continue it.
TS: It's going to go up.
You can see that the program is not in the lines in the line.
That's because the lines are already getting sound through the solar boats and the marriages.
In the right culture, the movement is equivalent to the sound.
This is the signal for "mission in the AIDS.
A typical program has five lines here.
However, to me, to do the way that I don't feel natural to me.
That's why I just have four lines in the paper.
In the year 2000, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Carriel, for an artificial research there.
Before this time, I had worked as a piece.
For this summer -- I saw many of them and different galaxies, and as I was from a place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art.
Now the sound has gone in my art of art.
Is it going to get more than the art of the art.
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the eyes.
I can feel it in a technical way, or to experience it, or even as an idea.
And so I decided to bring up the sense of sound and put it into my artificial practice to me.
And everything I had taught me in the sound of the sound -- I decided to leave it and do it.
I started creating a new body.
And when you put it into the artificial community, I was involved with the amount of support and attention.
I realized that sound is like the money, the power -- the power -- the control, the social.
In the bottom of my mind, I was always felt that the sound was right, it was something that was a single person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could tell me to me and my artificial work, or I could get it up.
I chose that I would feel me.
There is a massive culture in the language.
And only because I don't use my free voice to communicate -- the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support the same and become my voice.
And so I am able to be responsible to the current society.
So in school, in the work and the individuals, I work with a lot of different interventions from AIDS.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity of it.
They help me be heard of.
And their voices have value and weight with it.
In order to ask their voice, I am able to keep a typical form of value something like to take a picture with a very high interest rate of it.
If I didn't go with this practice -- I feel that I could be able to get up in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with the sound as my new artistic media -- I was involved in the world of music.
And I was surprised to see the systems between music.
For example, a music note can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up in the paper.
And the same thing can say from a concept in AIDS.
The two are very space, and they are highly moving what it means is that they can be able to affect all the meaning as much of the signals as the sounds as well as the sound.
I would like to share a metaphor of the page, so they understand better how the AIDS works.
So you can imagine a piece.
The AIDS is involved in lots of different factors different.
If you get a different part for each side as you take the party, as the physical experience, the body, the body, the body, the brain of the body, and so as you take the party, the English is a legal language, as if you put only one access at the time.
However, the AIDS is more like a access, you need 10 degrees of a similar way to express a clear concept or idea in AIDS.
If you just just change the access, you create a completely different thing.
The same thing happens with the music in terms of it in the bottom of it and they come back and come back.
In AIDS, by using these different families -- you can explain different ideas.
For example, the sandwich "for the "death sandwich?
This is the sandwich "show in that?
I'm looking at you.
Looking at it.
Oh, I got me.
One one.
What are you looking at.
Oh, basically."
So I went to think, and if I look at the AIDS through the leaders of music music."
If you had to create a situation and you would get it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the signal side, the sun goes out and you get it.
This is all the day of the day.
If you do it and reduce the speed -- you see it as a music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say from all the night?
All night."
This is all night at the time.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of night, "No, "I have "New "The night, "Oh the night?
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time the time in AIDS and how the difference in the body can experience changes in time.
For example, it's a hand -- it's a hand -- two households, is two hands, the present is more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the space.
So the first example is a long time.
And then, "I said, "Well, "I was "short, and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very short idea.
"Teacher technology, it is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per day.
However, when I look at the word "The word "The common time I think of the same time.
Let's look at MIT, right now, Michael, left hand.
We have the program through the head and the chair.
(Music, MIT, "March "All of the Charles: My child, Mars, I'm going to teach you a way of the hand called "The "American "market."
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands in high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head as the chair, something like a common time, or "The same time.
Yeah, very well.
That means to be interviewed in the international system.
The international system, as a view, is a visual tool to help us communicate in all of the culture in all the culture and the languages in the world.
The second one that I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "companies in the AIDS.
Now, the third of course, look at me again.
And again.
It's "display in the AIDS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Everything, "Comparation and "Life."
Good work.
You see how the three signals are very similar -- all of them are going to be very similar -- all of them in the head and the chair, but they make it very different.
It's amazing to see how the AIDS is living and present, as the music.
However, we live in a very political world.
And only because the AIDS has no sound has no social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value does and allow us to allow the AIDS to develop their own value without sounds like this.
And this could be a step to make a more include society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be ready to learn AIDS, you don't have to go to learn music.
The AIDS is a rich risk and I'd like to have the same experience.
I would like to give you up to open your eyes, open your eyes, to pay in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even end out of us.
Thank you.
Dense Galaxie: Hey, that's me.
Of course, my parents told me, "You can tell me all, but then you have to close it.
The freedom is responsible to respond.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
And so I grew up in a bubble or a bubble bubble to say, because the adults tell us to protect them to protect the truth.
When I do that, I found out that the adults also understand and that they're not very good to clean each other.
The time happened now, I'm now an adult and I teach a city and invented in the American school of Hollywood Kong.
You don't have to wait so much for my students to walk up with a lot of bank.
So as well as a good citizens -- we put the balls, and no, it's not survived angel, and if it is, I don't know.
It is a short thing to tell you, but now more than 80 percent of the oceans get plastic controlled.
It's a specialized thing.
And in the last decade, we've been coming out with these big bus and networks -- to collect those plastic pieces of plastic to help them under the microbes, and we call them this information in a map.
But it takes a strategy, and it is very expensive and it is also very happy to use those huge brains.
So along with my students with six to 15 to 15 years old, we are going to invent a better way.
We have transform our different training in Hong Kong in a story.
So we started building this work of work with the arms that kids very low as well as they can also be able to happen.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who make electrical tools feel great and safe tools to them.
Not exactly not exactly it.
Let's go back to the plastic again.
We put the plastic and we cut it into the size that we find it in the ocean -- which is very small, because of their family.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students here.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to change them in something we hope to work.
So we decided that instead of using plastic pieces of plastic -- we just collect information.
And by the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are excited with robots with the robot.
We then create what we call a protection.
We are so fast in the creation of projects that we ended before we go back before we go.
And we turn up a lot and lots of them in access and we put it into a fast robot that will move directly by the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture of the robot.
We see the plastic pieces of plastic flowering through the sense as the computer computer is going to process this image and measure the size of every particles -- to get an amazing structure of the amount of plastic in the water.
We take this invention in a website in a website for investments called "Training, with the hope that somebody else even more.
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and then they are trying to put it out of it.
And I can be able to invent my problem to the World Brain -- but my students in Hello, are very good kids.
You see the news. They get the Internet, and they took the Internet, and they were taken with this picture.
A kid -- maybe less than 10 years old, including a piece of oil -- just using the hands of the hands -- in Sunday, the largest market of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that brought up, it's the water in which they benefit, the water where the water, the place where they live.
You can see that the water is management, the ball and the oil are also in color -- and when all of them moved, it's very hard to see what in the water.
But there is a simple technology called space, which allows you to see what in the water.
We built a very first practice of a species that can be able to get through all kinds of surfaces that produce different species, which can help identify what in the water.
We took this practice with a sense and we put it to Bangladesh.
So the great thing about this project is that beyond solve a local problem, or to get a local problem, my students used their employee and their sense of creativity to help other children.
And I can get a problem to the distribution to do a second experience, and I wanted to go a little bit more before, and you might get a little bit more, maybe to bring a more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I am half and half of them and maybe remember, that in 2010, there was a demonstration in Japan.
It was so violence. It was so violence that you have a lot of genes -- called training, and those teachers discovered several cities in the cost of Japan.
More than 14 people died in a instrument.
It also gives the nuclear energy power of Philippines, a nuclear nuclear center to water.
And today, you know, as an average of 300 tons are still taken from the nuclear plan in the Patrick ocean.
Today, all of the Patric ocean has a control of control for 1875.
If we go to the right cost -- we can measure the French rate everywhere.
But if you look at the map -- it seems like most of the region comes out of the Japanese cost -- and most of a sudden, it has a safe thing, it's blue -- it's blue -- it's blue -- it's blue -- it's blue -- it's blue -- it's blue -- it's blue -- it's blue -- it's blue -- it's blue -- it's blue -- it's blue
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fibonaccid every year from the action and invented with other scientists with other scientists, the Earth, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we don't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we built into the control center -- this is the use of different materials.
It could seem that they did not take the work, but they did it because they do it because they are going to have to live in the whole life.
Some with them we take the data down that day and we talk about what we were going to do later, the statistics, the statistics, and so on.
And to do this, we created a red map of the region around the power of nuclear energy.
We create the engineering map -- we were trying to be able to solve data in real time in the real time, and we fly water.
And with this we could notice that the red power was used from the top of the mountain to the red system and the ocean in the ocean.
And it was an amazing structure.
But with based on this we organize a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear center to the shoe.
We get up to 15 miles of nuclear center -- and with the head of fish of the area we were doing self-scale self-scales with a search rate as we invented and build them.
Here we see a project, we've gone from a local problem to a red problem, to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different scale technologies also with open code and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been more free because we've only been starting to measure the day we have done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
And I wonder if we should give the room and try to invent better ways of doing all these things.
So the car became a little bit so small by the way, so we found an industrial institution in Hong Kong and we turn it into the largest space of social and environmental space.
It is in the center of Henry Kong and it is a place where we can work with motor, metaphor, a little bit of biology -- a little bit of biology -- basically you can build almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and kids can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can come back with adult help and where adults can be children again.
Students, accident."
Call Harvard, we ask things like, can we invent the future of movement with red energy.
For example.
Or what can we help in the movement of the age of old age will transform their seats to be able to be able to be in new electric vehicles?
The plastic -- the oil and the religion are relatively terrible -- but the worst law that we can leave our children are the men.
We can't allow us to protect the children of the real horrible because we need their imagination to invest the solutions.
So scientific citizens -- creative, conservations, we need to pay the next generation for the environment and people, and so that I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
There are two grandparents -- two collective design culture.
One is made of thousands of pieces of pieces -- the other one of a single ice.
One of them is synthetic, the other one.
One is important about the environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature, the other for it.
Michael Brooklyn said that when he looked at the battery in the brand, I saw a figure that I fight to be free by being free for me.
The clinic was only a human Millennium tool tool to Michael.
But the living beings are not clearly charged.
They grow up.
And in the smaller units of life, the cells -- we take all the information to do it for every cell to work and to replace.
The tools are also considered.
At least from the industrial revolution -- the world of design has been killed by the markets of the mathematical and production in hand.
The movie lines have made a world made of parts -- depressing the imagination of designers and architecture to think of their objects as a particular parts of different parts with different ways.
But you don't find sub-Saharan materials in nature.
Think of the human skin for example.
So our favorite pieces are delicious with particularly dangerous parts.
The legs of the space are more groups with little posters.
One act as a film, the other principles as a bank, and yet, it's the same skin -- there is no parts -- there is no partners.
It's a system that was going to go up with their function by the value of the station of the station.
Here is a distributed screen that represents my vision of the world -- and the personal period of every design and architecture is going to work to work between the clinic and the gene -- between the machine and the organization between the bank and the growth -- the Green Forest and the Charles Daniel.
These two lives in the world, my left hell and the right and the right and the right, and it shows it in the two stars after me.
My work, in his most simple level -- is about bringing these two vision of the world, and the state of the world and all the way to grow up.
You probably ask, why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history, a right moment -- where they control four distributions that offer design access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intelligence of these four fields -- my team and I created me.
By the way, you know the minds and the hands of my students from my students in my students.
We designed objects and tools and tools and tools through scale and tools and tools through a story with a 24 feet with a story for a story that I was not very far to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
So here we have recorded the cell, an article of the old Arab architecture and has created a screen where each article is in size of the way to move the form of light and the heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility to create a career and a factory. This was for a shape of Paris with Arts with Arts with Arts -- it's like a second skin made from one piece of a piece of piece of a piece of piece in the content, flowers around the content.
By the end of 30 TEDTalks, we put this layer and spend 3D 3D with the cells, I'll show you more objects like that.
And this case changed radical materials and based on the result of 20 minutes.
This is the result of a human side.
It is also the result of a CEO a CEO.
So the designers have access to this high access of high results and the synthetic institutions -- allow us to design products that are predicting not just the way of our body, but also the physical structure of our organs.
We've also designed a care called a career at the time of the structure and the company and as well.
The Carl Project, my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspired us, and to design this pattern of surface surprise, it becomes superstar.
We put this surface of four different products -- that they would go up in red -- and they were going to go in red and color to the present points in the human body.
Their surface -- as in nature, it would look at the advantage of another material or another subject, but by looking forward and dependent on the material property.
But is it the ideal nature.
There are no parts in nature.
I didn't get me in a home hole -- but when I was young -- my grandmother told me stories from the Bill Bertie, and one of them went to me and he came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she reached, "The third day of the creation of the creation -- God went to the Earth to make the Earth create a free fraction of free."
For that very first artificial tree -- there would be no difference between treatment -- banks, hands and fragments.
All the tree was a fract.
In change, the land made them grow trees with brothers, correlations, tablets and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask me, "What would it be the design if the objects were made of one piece of piece?
Are we going to go back to a better state of creating it?
So we look for the biological material -- the kind of material of the government of the fractal tree with fresh, and we found it.
The second big book in the planet is called the planet, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms as a cartoons, business, strangers and markets.
We think that if we could sit up with their properties -- we could generate molecular structures in one piece of percent.
So that's what we did.
We call it language.  We asked a lot of ways to get up, we put them up and we set out of the carbon partners.
And I was looking at the chemical centers -- we have been able to get a lot of products from property, from dark and open and open, surgery and transportation.
In order to print the structures to a big scale -- it built a system with a lot of strange strangers of sub-Saharan strangers.
The robot could look at the materials of the material and create these structures made of a single materials in a single material -- 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready -- you leave them to find a natural way to the air with the air.
So why do we continue to do with planting?
The air babies that were a subject of the property process was used to get the physical microbes that were made for the first time in the planet three billion years ago, as we heard here.
By the way that our colleagues in Harry and MIT, we increase the bacteria designed to be able to be able to be able to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere and turn it into the scale.
For the first time, we've been able to be able to generate structure that they do their transition without the magnetic problems, and if you get even more, you will go back to them.
And a free African tree came out of Africa.
It would work with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life in the planet, with water and with a little bit of synthetic biology -- we have brought a structure made of career in an architecture that is shared as a robot.
And here is the best part of it, for objects to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to feed the marine life, and they put up in the ground -- help to grow a tree to grow a tree to it.
The atmosphere for our next explanation using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating the ability to keep the life for the intelligent training.
To do that, we have to play the bacteria and control their family.
So as the perfect table, we did our own metal table -- new forms of life created and comparisons of a completely antibiotic way and advanced in biological way.
I like to think about the synthetic biology as the light speaker, just that instead of making private metaphor -- they make new biological function within very small cars.
This field is called microbes.
And we put our own 3D cars to control the flow of these climate college climates.
In our first piece of root, they changed two microbes.
The first one is calculation.
And I live in our oceans and in the high water.
And the second one, I mean, the bacteria that was in the human interest.
You get the light on the scale, the other control and produce a little bit.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never know.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of robot.
Think about it as an evolution -- not for natural revolution, but evolution for design.
To get these relationships -- we have created a single box that goes down to the digital art, which will help you make these bacteria and you get your way into your way.
And so we started to grow up those oceans in the human body, by looking at the production of the matter of the matter of the way that we want to do is to describe it.
If we wanted more photographs -- we were able to do more transformative.
And this system is the potential system, when it would be a strange to another one.
This is the half of the language of a film -- and 10 times much more than our interview interview.
And here it is, as early at TED -- our first particularly profound photographs with life with life in the roof.
Thank you.
Michael Samera said, "We are critical crimes in the way, only half is done.
What if the design is going to pay the other mile?
And if we could create structures that are going to do the living matter of it?
And if we could create the personal microbes that are going to be able to get out of our skin -- they would go up with the teacher and they would have our body?
Think about this as a way to pick up the biology.
I call this the material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D impact is going to be a 3D materials in cars.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
I grew up with supportive.
This call of the war, for example, create an highly sophisticated architecture -- a home in which it was marketing.
The marketing discovery is about this level of supportive.
It makes it through the combination of two materials, but two projects in different contents.
An act as a structure -- the other one is the picture or the mathematician, by using those friends between each other.
And this happens through scale.
And the first sea war is probably presented in the environment, and then I created a state structure and then it starts to be able to have a change of companies.
The television and computer, the two forces of life, they get into a single materials.
With the end of understanding how this complex process works this complex process, we put a small sign to the head.
We put it inside a box with a magnetic sensors, and that allows us to create this set of points in three dimensions and visit the architecture of the care of the search of sea.
However, when you put your dream out in a piece of planet, not within a box -- we realized that it would be able to have a place and it will still be able to be able to get out there.
So we started to design different environment, different antibiotics, and we've discovered that the way -- the computer, the structure of the carbon -- it turns directly by the environment.
They often have been surrounded to the death of the death inside the death inside their careers, their dream is destroyed and used in the terrible industry.
We saw that we were designed to be able to be able to make a way to the common dream without going to be a single challenge.
And they would have sentences, and we could create these things.
So we put this process up to the African scale.
We had a human robot making the signals -- and we put it in our situation.
And we knew that the search season to the more dark areas and failure, and so we use a solar distribution to reduce the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
And so we create holes or anti-seven, to draw the batteries of light and the quality of the side of search on the structure.
We were ready to get to the organisms.
So we asked 55 dollars of dream to a search in line.
And after I showed you four weeks old, they were ready to deal with us.
We put them down in the bottom of the boat, and as they said, they carry up, they were put up, they put back, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short completely.
Brazil Frank said that the fear is the great intelligence, and it was right.
When you have a biological sector on the high ice site, you give all of this supply your interview.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks old, 65 miles of seven miles are going to be 65 miles old.
And in a certain sense, this is also the language of the side of the ground.
The police, after the economics, they produce five million backs.
And this could be used for 25 dollars in the future.
So here are the two vision of the world.
And one story based on a robotic arm -- the other full of the virus.
If the last set of design is to give the products and the buildings that are around us, to form a test of two materials -- the designers have to put these two lives in the world.
What it brings us back to us, of course, the beginning.
Here is a new design of design -- a new age of creation -- which brings us from a design design in nature to a natural nature in design -- which comes from us, for the first time, we're going to make us care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
You put your hand if you've ever asked them what you want to be a lot of more than you want to be more of it?
If you had to remember what you had when you asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the food.
Three three, three, three, three, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five,
Now, you take the hand if the question is, "What do you want to be a lot of more better?
It has taken them some kind of anti-number.
Any animal.
I'm somebody who could never respond to the question "What do you want to be more of it?
The problem was not that I didn't have any interest -- but I had too much.
In school I liked the English -- the materials and the art and the art and the art and the art and the art and the art.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and think about all of them -- because there will be a long time and energy and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of advance, this sense of this -- this is no longer a challenge.
And I have to leave it.
But then I got interested in another thing, and I was completely different, and I left me on it, and I left me and I feel "Stop." I've found the mom -- and then again, this point where it starts to get up.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go on that.
This pattern causes me a lot of animals, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how I was going to turn all this in a car.
I thought I had to pick up one thing, I will get up all of my other passion -- and I will get them up to me.
Another reason that I was a little bit more person.
I was worried that there would be something bad at this, and something bad in me is not going to be delighted by anything.
I was concerned to have fear of the company, or to be display, or to get to my own success.
If you can relationship my story and these feelings -- I would like to ask you something that I would like to have been planted.
Think of themselves, where they learned to make the meaning of bad or natural to do things.
I will tell you where they learned it, they learned about culture.
You ask us first "What do you want to be more of it?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody matters what you tell that age.
It would be a question to make a question to produce free response in kids like, "I will be architectural or "Well "I want to be parallel."
And they are going to be able to get the destruction of Harvard here.
So this question is about over and over again as we grow out of different ways -- I said, to students of school is asked you to go into the universe.
And at some point, what do you want to be more better?
It is going to be the beginning of the beach of before what the dream is.
Why?
If you get this question into the kids to be able to be able to be able to be that you could be, you don't care about everything you could be.
In fact, it does right now, because when someone ask you what you want to be, because when somebody wants to be to be, you can't answer about 20 different things -- even though you were going to be able to go up and say, "Oh, what are going on, but you can't be artistic and property.
You have to choose?
This is Dr. Big China --  and he is artistic and printer.
And this friend of minimum and self-assembly control is considered, companies, professor and creative distribution.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they are going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very interested in our culture.
This is this idea of the destiny or the truth that every one of us has something to do for their time in this Earth, and you have to figure out what that thing is that thing and giving your life to it.
But if you're somebody who is not connected from this way.
What if there are a lot of different issues that are going to get their curious and many different things that want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that way.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a object.
And I feel there is something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a muscle.
A music is somebody with many interest and creative activity.
It's a battery for that way.
I could help you if you go up in three parts -- moral and day.
You can also use other terms that make the same idea, as a structure, recording.
By the time of the Redwood, the idea was who I was very good in a lot of distances.
Barria San responds to us as "starts."
They use any terms that I like or invented one of them.
It seems like a kind of kind of advanced to a community -- we can't be agree with a single idea.
It is easy to look at molecular as a limitation or architecture that you need to see.
But what I've learned talking about talking to people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge forces to be this way.
Here are three molecular beings.
One, the ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the Internet.
Here Handhrend and Richard Bion was able to get their computer interactions in carbon, viruses of data, markets, mathematics and design -- to the working means.
Mellon is a company that creates genetic institutions that I created general institutions.
At the same and Rachin and Rachin came up with this one idea for its unique application of skills and experience.
The innovation.
There are the new ideas.
And the muscles, with all of their animals, they can access to a great amount of these interesting points of information.
And the second music survival is the fast.
When the molecules are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are willing to be principles -- to have been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid to test new things and get out of our consequences of consequence.
A lot of skills are traditional to other distances, and we bring all of what we've learned to every new area that we would do -- so we would take it so that we were starting to look at it.
North Delhi is a whole time to the whole time and I was constantly considered.
As a little bit of an amazing child to develop an amazing ability to develop the muscle memory of the muscle memory of the muscle memory of the muscle memory of the muscle memory of the muscle memory of the muscle memory of the muscle memory to develop it.
Now, she is the most fast.
Before it turned into written -- no one was very financial plastic plant.
And he had to learn the most financial views when they started their properties, and this ability helps him write a little bit of conditions for education.
It turns out that it is a lot of time to give you what you go in, even if you get it into the end.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you could not have gone on.
The third piece of music is accident. I mean, the ability to transform any thing that you need in a single situation.
So I went up with a little bit of videos of videos -- other designers -- and sometimes you know, sometimes it comes out of Kanda, sometimes started from Kenya, and sometimes it would look like -- James Brooklyn.
It's value because it makes a good job.
He is even more valuable because it can be able to make different robots, depending on the needs of their class.
The Facebook Facebook developed as the most important ability for development to protect in the 20th century.
The economic world changes so fast and pretty much that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to save the needs of the market -- which really will produce them.
You know, quickly learning and presentation, three skills where the molecules are very hard, and three skills that you could lose if you're private to reduce your objects to reduce your objects, and you could lose their objects to reduce their object.
As a society, we have a great interest in order to focus on molecules to be themselves.
We have complex problems right right now, and we need creative creatures not to make them.
So let's say they are, in their heart.
They came out of the wind because they wanted to be a present neurons.
They don't worry about, there is nothing bad in you.
In fact, some of the best team are being made from a specific and a moral muscle.
And the species can be able to be able to be able to go in the deep and put ideas in the property and the culture of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship of it.
But we all should design lives and cars that are going on with the way we are connected with.
And unfortunately, to the muscles in a big part of it is that they are just more like their specific companies.
Once he said this, if there is one thing that you get from this talk, I hope that it is this, I hope that this is this, you turn it up with the Internet, it's what it is.
If you are a heart species, then you special all the time.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the molecules in the room, including those who have just got to be one of them in the last 12 minutes, --  I say to you with their many passions.
They go up with the career for those colleagues of college.
They get out the interesting.
It will open up our interest control to a more advanced life and happy.
And maybe the most important thing -- the world is going to have the world.
Thank you.
In the year, a woman named Alexander took it to a piece in France.
And I couldn't remember and I couldn't remember even the most basic decisions of their life.
His doctor is called Albert.
All of us didn't know how to help Alien, but I would come through it until it was because of that, I was figured out that for example, I was financid in 2008.
And after his death -- Albert made a stress and they found strange pills in the brain of Alis, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If no one had been living today, we could not give it more help than Allan gave him 125 years ago.
All of them was Dr. Alice Albert.
And North Delhi, the first patient in getting a device that now called Albert disease.
In fact, the medicine.
They have discovered animals and vaccines to protect them in the infections, a lot of treatment for cancer.
But a little bit of it has been produced in the treatment of the Arthur.
I'm part of a team of scientists that work to find a car for the Albert from a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Arab now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2009, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, to include many of you.
If you wait to live up to the age of 80 or more, the possibility of finding Albert will be almost one of each of them.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their years ago with Albert or helping a friend of a friend or being wanted with Albert.
It's not just in the United States, which is the care of Albert costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of the medical action is spending in the disease.
Today, it is the most expensive disease and their cost costs a five times in the year 2010, as you get the generation of the ball down.
It may be surprised by them, but Albert is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation of our generation and so on.
But it has actually done a little bit to be able to do it.
Today, one of the 10 percent causes of death from all the world, Allan is the only one that you can't be able to do, to get or even reduced their development.
We understand less than the Gulf that of other diseases because we've invented less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in the cancer of cancer that in the middle of the cancer that we get in the fact that it costs us more than the Arab and cause a similar natural number of death like cancer.
The lack of resources is because of a more fundamental cause -- the lack of science.
Because this is what people know -- but everybody should be a disease -- the American is a disease -- and we can get it.
For most of the last 18 years, all of us -- all the scientists -- the scientists -- the scientists -- they connect Albert with aging.
We think it's going to be sitting in a normal part and invisible to get up.
But there is only a picture of a picture of a brain and healthy brain with the one of a patient to see the real physical day for this disease.
It will be able to figure out a sense of memory of memory and mental skills -- the day in the brain caused by the Albert research of life, and it's always morality.
You remember -- Dr. Albert found plants and strange fires in the brain in the brain.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know that they are made of protection molecules today.
And you can think about a piece of paper as a piece of paper that is put as a organization.
There are places in the paper that are paralyzed.
And when you put well, these beautiful dots end up in the Internet.
But sometimes things go wrong -- and some of the things that are sitting out in the ground.
So this makes the test molecules go into each other, to form groups that can form big plants and black.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Albert.
We have spent the last 10 years in the University of China trying to understand how this does.
There are a lot of steps -- and the identity of what happens to fight is complex -- as you get a book.
I'm going to take a car could do anything.
Compare the other people can make the extra board.
And you have to find the right step that you know, and then create a drug that you do it.
Until a little bit of the most part of them have been brought up and waiting the best thing.
But now there is a different group of people -- doctors biologists, biologists, chemicals, chemical and mathematics and mathematics.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's making a new kind of drugs that are based on this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened to the program of the professors in the wars.
So these are the healthy seats, and you can see that they move with normal.
These windows, on the other hand, they have a test molecules that are paid between them, as in humans with Albert.
And you can see that they are clearly desperately.
But when we give our new fractions to these women in a early stage, then we see they walk and live a normal life.
So this is just a positive political result -- but the research like this shows that Albert is a disease that we can understand and cause.
After 185 years of hope, there is real hope of what it can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that I grew up that hope to come to the Albert, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to convince that the Earth is a disease and if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and the patients and their families have been more research and present pressure about governments -- photographic industrial industry, about scientists and legal people.
That was essential to go in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 80 percent.
We see that same used to come to cancer.
But the patient patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their family, the corrections of their beings and the characters of their beings and night, they are often too much dead to go out and go through the change.
So it really depends on you.
The Albert is not in most cases a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Alis, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help them talking about them, and help to get a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York City of the New York Times in this year.
To end out of somebody -- do this.
The article is about a public study -- designed to create local love in the lab, and of my own experience to test it at the same time I was going to test it at the same time at the time.
So the price is pretty simple -- two strange strangers are used to make 30 questions more and more personal questions and then they look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number one: If you could be able to figure out what you could do with a quality or skills -- what would it be?
Number 24 -- when was the last time I was the last time you get up to another person.
And right?
And as you go up, these are more people.
Number one: And I really like it to your wall -- what you love from him or she -- I know a lot about this time, and I gave things that you don't say to somebody who has been known as you know.
When I took this study about a few years ago, a real device called me the attention -- the kids that two of the particles had been spent six months later and invited all of the lab to the crime.
So it was a scale about this process of making the local love love, but of course, I was also interviewed.
And when I had the ocean to test this study -- with someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to find it.
And I don't work, and I thought, and I thought it was a good story, so I put it into the Colongen love a few months later.
That was published in energy -- and now it is all above -- so I guess some of you probably ask them to be asked -- keep together there?
And the reason I think of this is because they have made me this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is about what I want to talk about today.
But we go back to the issue.
A week before it was providing the article was very nervous to it.
I had been working on a red book in the last few years, so I had been used to write about my experience in the local love in my book.
But a little bit of babies can get to a few hundreds of virus as a lot, and those were just just from my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would be probably about a thousand of view.
And that makes a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship in a relatively new way.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published in line a video for the night, and I already happened in the train of my book.
And the doctor, I had been called the South State and the Google Monterey Monterey.
In a month -- the article received more than eight million violence, and I was to say something -- I was going to tell this kind of attention.
One thing is to figure out how to figure out how to write a sense of love for the own love experience, but another thing is to find that life life of one has been an international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship in the state of your new relationships.
And when people call or write -- what they did every day for weeks -- always did the same question, the same question, they still follow together.
In fact, when I was asking this talk, I did a quick search in the bottom of my impact with the face, and they are still there?
And so many of them came up with some of the messages that they came in.
They were from students and performances and strangers like this.
I was invited in the radio and they asked it.
Even I gave a talk -- and a woman came up to the stage to the stage where is your neighborhood?
And I immediately put it down.
I understand that this is part of the treatment of it.
If you write about your relationship in an international data, you should expect people to feel comfortable to ask about it.
But I was not prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 30 questions seem to have a living life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complete article for San Valley, who include the experience of the lessons to test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impact to all of this attention was to be a lot of research with my own relationship to me.
I said not to every person that we both made a public support together.
And I remember teachers of television -- and then you get the parts of pictures of us.
I think I was afraid to turn into the international oceans of the profit process, a reason for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked -- they wanted to know if it really worked -- or it is, if it was able to produce perfection love -- not just a advance, but not just a real love -- but love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to respond to.
My relationship had just a few months old, and I felt about all, that people put the wrong question.
How do you know if you would keep together or not, and you can do it?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of doing these 30 sense less interesting questions.
Dr. Art Art wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1998, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce local love.
And instead of that, I was looking at an international thing between college students -- using the thing that came up with the Algreas personal Perform PowerPoint, protecting and research and research.
It sounds robotic, right?
But the study does work.
The particles had been more close after doing it, many political studies also used the Profession Art Roman for Arabic Asia as a quick way of creating trust and interact between strange people.
They have used it between the police of the police and the community, and they have used it between people of political political systems.
The original version of the story, which I tried to see the last summer -- that I changed personal questions.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little story in a little library anti-number, and then a student came to me and said to me with text: I tried the study and didn't work.
He looked like it.
And I said, you want to say that you care about the person with who did it do?
Well, he did a painting.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, but they became better friends because they became better friends.
Did you feel that you had to know better after the study study?
The surgery.
So, I was like, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that no one of you is looking for when it comes to love.
I took with the study for the first time when I was 2010, and I was looking at a really difficult situation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 -- what I knew particularly all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I go back in science.
I invented everything that I could find about the science of local love, and I expect that to be able to make the heart.
I don't know if I realized about this at the time I thought I was just research for the book that I write but in responsibility, it looks really obvious to be obviously.
I thought that if I went up with the knowledge of love love, I would never have to feel so bad and just as I felt like this.
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another way.
I am more patient with love -- I'm more released.
I have more trust to explain what I look for.
But I can also look at more clearly and I can tell you that what you look for is sometimes more than I really can get up to me.
What you look for love is a galaxy, not only to be love today and to be almost attendant, but that will continue to be an important thing for the person I love.
It can be that this is the galaxy that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media was told about 30 questions is that there may be a box to be able to get up.
There may be a way to have a way to be able to get a little bit of the improvement -- and this is a very nice story, because it will be able to make us feel wonderful but it is also wrong.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask you to ask you -- still follow together.
And his contact with an answer of know or no.
So more than a question, you will try to make more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you decide who makes your love and who isn't it?
So how do you think about them when things are going to do that and how do you know when to get and disappear?
How do you live with the invention that you can do is a relationship or even more, how do you live with your path of your party?
I don't know the answer to these questions, but I think they are a good beginning to have a more significant conversation about what it means to love somebody else.
So if you want the beautiful version of the story of my relationship -- this is this one year ago, a met and I apply a study designed to create local love -- we go on, we still keep together together, and I'm very aware of.
But it will be not the same thing that will be going on.
It will be the easy part of it.
So at the end of my article written, love didn't happen.
We thought we were going to take up because we take the choice to be.
And I got a little bit of a little bit to read it now, because it's not true -- but because at the time, I had not consider everything that I knew that choice.
I won't consider how many times we would have both of them to take that decision and how many times having to keep doing that choice without knowing if he will always choose or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 30 questions, there will be choose to love somebody so general and fun and fun and have been express that choice in the largest data in the United States.
But what I've done, in change, is to turn my relationship in the kind of half that I don't think of true.
And what it looks like, and what might happen my life looking for is that that half is true.
I want the final happy happy in the size of my article, which is -- the only part of the article that I actually didn't write about.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone -- and the hope that he would also love me, and it's a love, but that's the treatment with love.
Thank you.
I was created by a little bit of methods in a little bit of mountain and in a certain way that I got as a genome of the forest of the forest.
The city of New York is a time ago,  something that really affect me but more than a little bit more dependent.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a motor box -- and I was able to get a billion of a dollar -- a fish and a state in it in Congo in Coloma.
And I thought that some of the strange humans or a few of them would find this box about 500 years later, and they learn how our species are going to get ideas for example, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
In all ways, it has thank you because here I are, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a time I was in Harry -- I like to go out to go out and make up and all of those things, and I was doing a colleague for my mother.
And I took a slide and I took all the pages and I made a kind of collection in the state of the Mars Mars, the colleagues of resistance and a baby was accepted.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is accepted to them, so I went into the legs, so I think I could hear it.
In change, it happened the contact -- in some way it seemed to be able to go out of the size -- as if you look at the text with a light.
And so I made a little bit more.
And this time, I began to add electric elements and strangers that I was finding for the street, all that I could find -- because I was looking for things all my life, trying to put them up and tell stories about these objects about these objects on it.
So I started to draw around the objects -- and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can be able to figure out what it is that you have to be able to do about a car in the stage of the crisis.
And I took the objects and I created my own character of specific species.
First of all, the ones that you can do an idea.
And then I did a few insects and strange creatures of it.
It was very fun to draw in the restaurant cards.
And it was great, because I began to put experts and those things, and I was spending some money, to take my note to get to get to me, for example, go to September.
It was strange, man.
And at some point I get interested in the human way, and so the natural way of natural beings with human beings inside the cards.
It was great, except for one thing, I moved up.
I didn't know what to do, because the record was going to kill me.
And I was going to go up every night thinking about it.
And so I tried to use life.
I began to draw in the lives in the lives, similar to the drawing in a window -- then in another window and another window and I had all these window together that they form a traditional companies.
And this really works -- and so I could let me use the restaurant.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big, that I call "State."
For the interview, I was inspired in the grandmother of the "Dead "The "Dead "States," which is a picture in the World Museum in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit starting to your time.
Well, the transportation."
I went up with 11 pounds 18.
Fifty feet long.
It has a lot of fact, so it's 10 feet of companies.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the blood site.
On the left, it is Jesus and the labs.
There is a car where all these creatures with animals are going to come between two world.
They go out of the world of responsibility, to this kind of anti-love market where they get up.
So here is where the creatures with animals are supposed to get into the face, ready to be able to stay in the ocean.
The ocean is full of thousands of elements in it.
This is a bit of a little bit of a boat attacked to a standard.
Bill Galapago is in the sea -- the Hollywood plane of the destiny, Wars, the Delhi Bangladesh Langley, and there's all kinds of things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
In all of all of us also a kind of market.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and it takes oil in a hand while the other hand will go out there.
Their hands are like balls and it looks like a microbes that keep the Earth and the colleagues in the balloon.
So it's a kind of the transportation."
It's a little bit.
That's the hand in which I went on.
And then, when you go back to the other side, you have a short, like a little bit of a biology, and you put out of this train.
It also has a 50 feet in the long time that goes into the interview."
And in all of all, his color is going to be being able to put up on a voice.
I don't know why it happened.
The things that go on, you know.
His car ended up in a clothes in a carbon car made from the terrorist cards of 1997.
Have you seen it?
They were made in the 1970s, as if they were balloon balls of the terrorists.
All of a sudden to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- one is called phones.
It's about six years to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a corner of our culture, through the middle and the material and the material or the languages.
But every one act as a kind of article in a way of being human -- and they go into groups of 20 or 12 or 12 to the time.
They are like cells -- they go together, they get up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microbes that I was about 1,000 pounds with a human humanity in their inside of it.
This has a little challenge in the step.
That's the head -- it is the step, you can get the entrepreneur.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there's a career that comes out of the chimpanzee, and that I cover the fish or none, or what it is, you know, a kind of kind of thing.
It's a quick reason of these works because I can't tell you for a long time.
We have cards, you can see.
This is a body body for half of it.
This has two head, and it's communicate between the two.
There are a few pieces that go out and go into the head of this strange state.
There is a little force in the top cardiac inside the top of.
Can you see it?
From all of us -- this talk is about these boxes, as the box we live in.
We are in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box to me.
It's a blog box called Professor World.
In this box there is a physics -- a physics, a physical, a physical, a professor, a market, a scale, a school, a school, a scientific arm that makes all the content that we do in the world, and a garden.
So let's think of the box and all the people in front of a little bit of each other as particles as possible.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you get up who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that all of us are together in this, that this image that we are different -- these concept of the countries, of religion -- it doesn't work.
We are all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we didn't start to deal with those things that are going to be able to die and self-assembly all of us to die very quickly.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them the head.
They take a surgery.
But for this planet to have an effect on the pain -- first of all, I first went through the statistic, the interest and other organs.
It is the most effective system is the most effective system and trying to make it so that any kind of happens in the body.
The demographics, yet it is that when we put it up with any drug display.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients.
When you take anti-number drugs -- these are going to be able to draw the amount of virus in the blood in the blood -- and to increase the result of Chinese cells.
But they are also known for their experience simulations -- in their most negative situations, because in the time they are going to get to the blood heart -- they go up, and worse even for the time that they are going to get to their destiny, which is where it is more important, in the HIV detector.
These are regions of the body as the lighting self-scales, the nervous system, the nervous system, where the virus is interesting and it's not easily in the blood rate of the patients that are taken on to the terrible record with an animal drug of anti-number drugs in the bottom.
However, after the treatment of the treatment -- the virus can be able to figure out and information new blood cells.
So this is the great problem of the HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a piece of life by the way that it will be a comparison.
One day, I felt and I thought, "We could make the treatment directly to the distribution of the virus, without the risk of distances of distances?
As a scientific experience, the answer was in front of me, of course.
If you use it in order to the heart care and surgery of distance, you can use it for any thing that you can think about it, including the treatment of the medicine.
In fact, we're being used to be used to open them to open or produce extremely small holes -- and they open up and close almost immediately the cells that are involved with HIV to try to deal with the medicine.
And the best they say, "How is that possible for it?
We sent a little and powerful power to read about the mobile cell metaphor by HIV while these cells are interested in a language that comes up with the fragile.
The legacy goes into the cell -- while the cell.
Before you get to realize it, the hole is replaced immediately up.
We are now trying to take this technology in the video or in Palestinian planets, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible to be able to ask you.
Well, the answer is, through a three head.
With the first head, which is our leg, we're going to make a income in the site of the information.
The second head, which is a camera -- it goes into the infection of the information.
On the end, the third head -- the third head that makes the fraction, I read it directly in the site of the information, while the reading is used to keep open cells.
Well, this doesn't look a lot about time.
But one day, if you have success -- this technology can lead to the total exploration of HIV of the body.
Yeah. A car for HIV for TED.
So this is the dream of the entire HIV research in our case, in our case, a treatment with it.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studied by strategic groups -- not statistics -- antibiotics like terrorists, institutional or microbes.
I do what these groups do when they're not depending.
My goal is to understand better to these generations of violence and study ways to add the transition of the violence of violence to the violence of violence to the violence of violence in the violence.
I do a field of field in the world of politics and the biology.
You will understand these groups is key to solve almost all of all conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a device between states of them.
It's not.
Now it's a conflict between the states and the articles not the groups.
For example, in the age of 24 partners in 1980 and 2010, 1990, they were made between a state and a lot of a grandmother.
So we have to understand these groups -- even we have to put them up or take them into any process of successful conflict process.
But how do you do that?
We have to know how much it is to these organizations to these organizations here.
We know very well the reasons why they fight -- how they do it, but no one is doing what they do when they don't get up.
And the forest flow and the politicians are not related to it.
It's all part of the same organization of the same organization of it.
We can't understand these groups -- not much less than a global vision.
The groups of today are complex organizations today.
For example, I met by the little virus of his visual forest against Israel.
From his creation in the 19th century has also set up a political pay -- a network of social services and a military search.
In the same way, the Parkinson's pathology, known for their surgery assistance against Israel, also added the France of Gates from 2009, from 2009, from 2009, since 2007.
So these groups do more than just going to go out.
They're multiple.
They have a complex machine of communication stations, rational states, search states from the Internet and teachers in social networks.
And here they have the HIV research, implemented in English.
The groups are also involved in a complex computer company without steads, but by recording business business for example, for example, companies of control.
These activity are true.
They allow these groups to increase their forms, and they will increase their first, to collect better and build their market.
The urban groups also do something more, they create the most strong things with their population to invest in social services.
They build schools -- they put home, they put up in a lot of professional form or microbes.
Hello does all these services and more.
The groups are also trying to connect to the population by doing something that the state is not going on, security and protection.
The subject of the tasks in an Afghanistan Afghanistan or even the beginning of the Art and the beginning of Arthur, it can also understand the effort of these groups to make sure that they are going to make sure that these groups of these groups are going to make sure that we can make sure that these groups of these groups are going to make sure that we can
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an incredibly effective price for the population.
But in general, to produce social services means to get a voice, a gap left by the government, and they allow these groups to make and increase their power.
So for example, the electric value of 2004 percent of the pathogen can't understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage in the West -- even in the West -- when we go to the strategic groups we only think of the visual side.
But that is not enough to understand those groups of these groups -- the strategy or the long-term vision of the long-term vision.
These groups are hard.
They grow up because they are going to be barred by the government, and they come up as article and political groups -- they are involved in the violence of violence and they give us government.
And the more complex and sophisticated people are these organizations -- less we can take them like something against a state.
How do you call a group like Harvard?
They have a piece of a terrorist, they would take all of their work, they take the bank, they take the shark system.
Is it a state? Is it a recording group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is Internet?
The lines are delight.
We live in a world of states and states and honesty, and how much more useful are the states -- as in the Middle Middle Middle East -- more interact and they get that gap on the grandmother of the grandmother.
This is important for governments because to connect these groups will have to invest more in tools not military.
It's going to get out that government of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach in it.
This is very important as well.
If we understand better to the strategic groups -- we understand better what you need to do to make the transition of violence to the violence of violence to the violence of violence at the time.
In this new device between states and activists -- the military power can be able to win some batteries, but we're not going to give us peace and station.
In order to get these objects we need a long way to find that security value to find that video of government that allows these groups to get in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a phone.
My options on the secret of gender are the time, but I have to be able to accept the stream of factories of fireflies, it would be invisible for factors.
I'm failing, but pretty bad for me.
And by the way I was a bad factory.
Or at least I wrote an article -- and a book called "The bad factory, and then in the interventions, people started to call the Facebook Facebook.
So what I started as a personal brain destroyed to myself.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young -- especially in my village and at the age of 20 years old, I had strange ideas about the factors, these beautiful women.
Today, I see how women are treated all over the world, and it was, in particular, it looks like a perfect quickly.
But at the time, I was worried about the time that I was using people when I was using it that could be failing.
It's going to be used as a factory was a access, a word and depressed.
And I was told as a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- which is too much with high authority, and it turns out to believe that it's just like a man.
Nobody wants to be that recording woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and you can't imagine to be another person.
With the time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am -- in fact, failure, and all of a sudden to be.
For me, certain automations are universal, women are equal to men.
Let's show the same dream for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want to do it as we want.
We have a right way to use easy and access to the automobile and the research services and the research services and self-scale.
We have the right to decide about our body, without need to be able to be able to let the legal control or donor dominant.
We have the right.
There are more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have to have our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, which is a different body, religious and sexuality, social and much more.
We have to have to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matter what we have in common.
And without this kind of energy, our families is not anything.
For me, these truth are environmental, but to be clear -- I'm a design.
I'm full of controls.
There is a lot of things that make me a bad factory.
I have another consequence.
When I went back to work, I heard the magnetic music.
And even though the legacy is despited to women and successful the chair "The "Charter "Stop, the Sameronian Sameron Star is amazing.
"Do it actually with your market satellite.
Peter, you move until you get your control."
Think about it.
You know, right?
I am completely marked by my music.
I think about the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all of the dominant task -- but also to kill insects -- the carbon colleague, the career of the course and the market of market.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
This is my favorite color is my favorite color.
It depends on the movies of the motivation and the bad things.
I can look at "The Bangladesh, and the robotic costs -- and I have a few architects of the hundreds of people who are actually done.
Some of my colleagues are more depending.
If a woman wants to add the entrepreneur of his husband -- it's your choice -- and I'm not who I am to play up.
If a woman decided to be in home to create their children, and that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes economic back through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is controlled in the way that women are economic to be economic when they choose them.
We solve this problem.
It turns out the conventional phenomenon that has gone up or detecting the needs of the color women -- the workers and the workers, the hospitals and the face of the white women -- the middle of the middle and the high.
You know, if that's a very bad factory I'm a very bad thing.
It also happens the next thing, as a failure, I feel a lot of presentation.
We have this understanding of putting them up in a piece of parallel partners.
We hope that they get into the perspective.
When you get rid of them, you will take them up with a lot of like the same piece where we put them.
As I said, I am a design, I was a destruction of that piece before you try to put it there.
And so many women, particularly the institutions and the leaders of the sector are afraid of being struggled as failed.
They are afraid of a foot and say, "Yes, I'm free for the fear of what it means is that it means to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do with
Let's take for example to Berkeley, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it is a demographic factory.
And in the video Minister Millennium in MIT, in MIT, it comes out of the word "feeding of the word of three meters of heart.
And it was a magnificent species, look at this star of the power to open up the factories and make women know women and the young men that will be familiar is something to be proud to be.
And I spent the time, the cultural creatures began to be able to be interested if Bell was or not quite free.
They call their family, instead of just creating the word of an adult woman and molecular.
We take perfect perceptions of the factories, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot -- we need a lot of a lot of a lot.
We're going to be a lot beyond the sense of sense and connection, to design the factories of any woman, to get it until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad factory, or more well -- a more even more even more even more even pretty even profound thing.
But what's going on.
We're going to get to recognize our implications to give you the action and will be a little bit more.
If I listen to depression music -- I'm creating a demonstration for artists that would be more than happy by making a film subject.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their song until we get the change out of the change that are actually going to be able to change their gas.
However, it's hard.
Why does it have their music to be so profitable?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to use a worst choice.
But when the bad decisions are supposed to be more difficult for women to get the engine, so that we all get rid of us and is our responsibility to us.
I think in my supercomputers, three and four years old.
They are two magnetic kids and detailed and brilliant, and also very valuable and I want you to grow in a world.
And where you get them for the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, of course, the best choice will be seen as something much easier to do.
We can all take better decisions.
We can change the heat when a TV program is about the sexual violence against women as a department, and it comes to the Transport of Transportation.
We can change the face of radio when we hear ways that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to the middle in another part when the movies don't treat women more than the digital objects as a digital objects as well.
We can stop to support the professional demonstrations where the cars are going to their companies as a balloon dancers.
In any case, the men -- the men, the men can say, "No, I'm not going to put in their research, and I'm not going to put it in his project, or work with you, to work with you, until it doesn't even even even even even an enough.
I'm not going to work with you until your policy, or your organization is more include with a more simple gallery of people.
Those of us who are survived but invited to participate in this kind of projects -- we can also be able to be involved until us as well as us are going to go down to the banks of the decisions of decisions of decision of decision to us.
Because we are not a little bit of men, but these things are not going to be able to add these possibilities, our access is going to mean very quickly.
We can make these little act of value and expect our decisions to get to the top and the people in the power and the people in the power and the music and the music, the people who can take great decisions -- the people who can take great decisions -- to create a corporate and significant change.
We can also be able to be able to deal with our factors, well, bad or any electronics.
The last line of my book "Mom "Freedom, says, "Professor will be a bad family to not get it at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say that, especially because I was trying to get my voice to me and the families helped me get it.
There was a interview.
I call it interview to do what happened.
And a few girls told me when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They took me as if it was anything.
I started believe that it wasn't anything.
They fly my voice and after everything not to believe that I could say something that could be important.
But I was writing out.
And with it I went back.
I remember a more strong version of myself.
And the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the skin satellite.
The words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure about.
through the writing and the factory, I also found that if it was a little bit vaccination, another woman could be able to see and see and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is about saying we are.
In a hand, I have the power to get any thing.
And in the other hand, the reality reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad family, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think about what I say and what I do -- without making everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit, when you have a little bit of the way that you need as much as you need to.
Just after the last year of the last year, 1950 children in California. They had been able to have seen Deliber or to be excited to somebody who had been there.
The virus then goes up with Canada, investing over 100 children in September.
One of the traditional things of this gap is that the way that it can be critical for a child with a child inflate system, is one of the most easy diseases in the world.
There is an effective value against this from more than half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Defense Bronx had no beat because their parents were afraid of something even worse -- authority.
But a moment, it was not the article that I gave the audience on the audience and the depressed vaccines, resident and market to be a free front for the Minister Ministry John Johnson?
Do I do not believe most smart scientists that the theory can cause cars is a start?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are still going to be able to be able to put their children on their children to have automobile.
Why?
Here's why.
So this is a group of the extra explosions of the car in time.
For most of the 20th century, the car was considered a very short disease.
The few police and partners who had heard about it, they create all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades -- the private emissions were just about three or four children for every 10 dollars.
But then, in the 19th century, the numbers started to get out.
You know, of course of financial restaurants like Arabic Arabics, they are resistant to the car as a epidemic, as if I could get from another child in Denmark.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the center of the University of Australia -- what is going on, they tend to go in front of them as "struck distributions as "words of distributed distance and "The best development of cases to explain these crimes to explain these crimes.
But that kind of language doesn't realize a lot of a young mother that you can look for in the face of your son of two years, the visual content.
If you have a distribution of the distance they had to figure out, why were they so connected to the principle?
Why were the cases of cars so hard to find before the 1980s of 1965.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened it has less to do with the slow and carbon progress of science that with the power power of nation.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what the car is, and that story turned out, but that story turned out to be failing, and the consequences of the same are having an impact in the global public health.
There was a second higher story of the car that had lost and forget in the dark rates of the climate line.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a perfect physicist, Leone Kanda, from Hollywood Korean, King Kong published an article that I described to 11 young patients that seemed to be private world, including the people of their around, even their own parents, even their own parents, even their own parents, even their own parents, even their own parents, even their own parents, even their own parents, even their own parents, even
They could sit up for hours to add the hands to their face, but they were pressure of the price for often as when they didn't put their favorite play in their favorite place without knowing it.
On the basis of the patients in their clinic, Kanda species that the car is very fast.
By the day, as a major army of the world in the world, I decided that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their subject as a record of places of places as far as South Africa.
And this is actually not going to be explored, because the creatures of Kanda for the car discovery were very resistant.
For example, I decided to give you that slide to children with conversations, but now we know that electricity is very common in the car.
Once he had been born that he had become nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their control to be an cars without giving them a distance of automobile.
Kanda was a smart man, but part of his theories were not true.
Click the car as a way of a performance of the intelligence particular and faces and founded.
These kids, he said, have been considered in a research that I didn't know.
At the same time, Kanda noticed that some of their people had special skills had special ability to get in certain areas like music, the mathematics and the memory and the memory.
One of the kids in their clinical could be able to be able to be able to get up between 18 pounds before we get the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite experiments. He was right said, "Bentation said, "Come below."
But Wikipedia had a bad position of these skills -- adding things like kids were just recording what they had heard to their parents -- designed to win their property.
As a result, the car became a sense of forces for families -- and two genes of high children were sent into their own well for their own well, turning into the world in general world.
Surprisingly, it was not to the decade of 1970s, that the researchers started to try to try to try to try to try to try to test the autonomy that the car was right.
London William, I thought that the theory of London, I thought that the theory of the mothers have been quite strange.
She and his wife had been clear people and effective, and they had an old daughter called Sunday.
Lond and John knew how hard it was to create a child as Steve without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a distance.
In order to stop the National University of health that they needed more resources for the high children and their families and their families and his colleagues who decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
And they did a study of accident in the general population.
They took a shark of London called California to try to find the car kids in the community.
What you saw is that the modern model is too limited -- because the reality of the car was much more connected and fun.
Some children could not talk at all, while others were interested in their factory by the article, in the distances or the generation of the truth.
In another way, these kids were not left in the very nice cartoons and advanced, like Johnson, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the political model of Kanda would have produced it.
At the beginning, they were lost by trying to make sense to their data.
How did no one have gone out of these kids before.
But then he found a relationship to a profit and a professional article in 1975, the next year at Kanda, the next year in Kanda, and then he found up under the tens of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Kanda knew about this article of the company -- but it turns out that I would just tell you in your own work.
There was not even a transformation to the English -- but by the way, I was talking about, and he would talk to me, and he brought it for it.
The doctor does a distinct story of the autism.
His car was a man called Handhropelan Alice, which I gave a clinical school.
The ideas of Alice for the children of children with a different learning of learning were protected even for the controlled states.
And the morning in their climate started with kinds of examples with music, and the kids kept their games.
Instead of captured the parents to cause cars and advertising the describe as a political distribution of life that I would actually have a computer company of support and space spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of trying to the kids in their clinical as patients as patients -- Alice called them their little teachers -- and it has been able to help in the development of education.
For failure, Alice saw the car as a different contact that was going to take an amazing variety of dollars and disability.
He believed that the car and the cars were common and they have always been common and they have always been -- looking at all of this contact in the middle culture as the personal social culture as the social science and the destruction design.
He was beyond it even to say, for the success in science and art -- a piece of cars is essential is essential to do.
London and John found that Kanda was wrong in which the car was interested, so as the parents were career.
In the next few years, they worked with the American Asia Asia to increase the crime creatures that would recognize the diversity of what they call anti-love application."
At the end of the 80 and the early age of the 90 and a half -- their changes came up with the limited model of Kenya.
These changes don't fall in the right way.
Called, when London and John were working on the batteries to reduce these creatures -- people all over the world see an open adult for the first time.
Before he came back in Florida.
At the same time, they brought up the first easy clinical tests to use to get the car to disappear.
I should no longer have a connection with that little example of experts to get a drug for her son to get his child.
The community of "Montalin Mars," the changes in the crimes and the interaction of these test created a network of network -- a perfect surgeon of the consciousness of the autism.
The number of drugs began to self, as well as Martin and Johnson, in fact they would expect the people to go out that people with cars and their families finally get the support and the services that are depending.
And so, Robert Washington came to the vaccines for the advertisement in the distances. A simple -- and a simple story -- and the story has been so bad as the Kenya theory that the car was interested.
If the current structure of the center of the price that one of every 60 children in the United States are in the species, is right -- the cars are one of the largest minister groups in the world.
In the last few years, the car people have been used in the Internet in the Internet to reduce the idea that they are positive to solve for the new medical agencies, and then the new new terrorist to celebrate the variety of the human conversation.
A way to understand the neurons is to think of terms of human systems.
And the fact that a PMC doesn't work with Wikipedia, it doesn't mean that it is.
It comes up with the automobile human brain, the normal human brain is easily available -- and it goes out of a piece of attention to the details.
However, people have hard to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still coming to Alice, which believed that the "car for the most advanced species of cars are in the understanding of the teachers -- the companies of the support, the support communities and the parents in the potential of their children.
A young woman called Nigeria Zavin said once a time, we need all the hands in covered to understand the battery of humanity."
As we go back to a future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow us to stop a brain.
Thank you.
